
Chapter 60: Touched by Filial Piety

TL: Hanguk

There were too many enemies.

Fortunately, the enemies were coming from the west where crops had not been planted, and they were weak wooden monsters that he could handle.

All he had to do was hold out until morning. When morning came, the Crimson Giant Bear and Black Minotaurs would start their day.

‘I need to buy some time.’

“Guys, prepare the torches!”

As Sejun shouted into the cave’s entrance,

Ba-ah!

Bba-alp!

Beep!

The rabbits quickly put the torches they had previously made into a basket and tied them to a rope.

“Black Rabbit, bring some fire from the kitchen!”

While Sejun pulled up the torches, he told the Black Rabbit. He thought that the enemies, being made of wood, would be vulnerable to fire.

Bang!

The Black Rabbit quickly fetched fire from the kitchen in the brick house.

Then,

Thump. Thump.

Several branch scouts approached.

Bang!

Bang! Bang! Bang!

While Sejun was hoisting the torches, the Black Rabbit guarded him and took care of the enemies.

Whooosh.

In the meantime, Sejun hoisted the torches, arranged them in a circle, and set them on fire. He then threw one of the flaming torches with all his might towards the enemy.

Swoosh. Swoosh.

As the torch flew 50 meters and hit the front of the enemy line,

Whooosh.

The fire transferred to the enemy’s body. Luckily, it burned well.

Thump.

The branch scout, who had caught on fire, couldn’t take a few steps and fell down.

[You have defeated a small branch scout of the Corrupted Ent.]

[You have gained 25 experience points.]

The other branches of the scout moved sideways to avoid the fire.

“Guys, keep making torches!”

Sejun told the rabbits in the cave to make more torches,

Whoosh. Whoosh.

And again threw a torch at the branch scouts.

As Sejun threw dozens of torches, the number of branch scouts falling while on fire increased, naturally creating a wall of fire.

And then,

Bang!

Bang! Bang! Bang!

The branch scouts coming through the gaps in the wall of fire were dealt with by the Black Rabbit.

“Good.”

If they could hold out like this, throwing torches until morning, they would be alright. Sejun attacked the enemies, throwing another torch.

Whooosh.

[You have defeated a small branch scout of the Corrupted Ent.]

[You have gained 25 experience points.]

[You have defeated a small branch scout of the Corrupted Ent.]

[You have gained 25 experience points.]

…

..

.

Experience points flooded in as he burned the branch scouts.

Additionally,

[Your crops have exterminated pests.]

[You have gained 1 experience.]

[Your crops have exterminated pests.]

[You have gained 1 experience.]

…

..

.

The Red Locusts started to move again, boosting the experience points.

After a while,

[You have leveled up.]

[You have acquired 1 bonus stat.]

Sejun leveled up, reaching level 22.

“Good. I’ll allocate the bonus stats in magic…”

He even had the luxury of allocating his bonus stats.

‘At this rate, I might finish them off before dawn?’

Sejun was beginning to be confident of his victory when

Thud. Thud.

“Huh?”

As if to mock Sejun’s thoughts, creatures over 2m tall appeared from the rear of the enemy line.

[Corrupted Ent’s Large Branch Scout]

The Large Branch Scout with long legs jumped over the firewall.

“But still, it’s just wood!”

Sejun threw a torch at the Large Branch Scout, but

Smack!

The Large Branch Scout swatted away the thrown torch as if swatting away a mosquito. It seemed to have strong resistance to fire.

“Darn…”

Sejun was taken aback when the torch didn’t work.

Just then

Beep!

Black Rabbit charged forward and hit the Large Branch Scout’s leg.

Bang!

With the Black Rabbit’s attack, the Large Branch Scout lost its balance as its leg broke,

Beep!

The Black Rabbit, who jumped high, raised its hammer above its head and aimed for the torso of the Large Branch Scout.

Bang!!!

Thud.

With the Black Rabbit’s attack, the Large Branch Scout fell.

However

Thump, thump.

While the Black Rabbit was dealing with one Large Branch Scout, thousands of them were approaching over the fire.

Just then, a huge shadow started to cover the surroundings.

“Huh?! You guys?!”

The mother Crimson Giant Bear and the Minotaur King appeared.

Roar!

Thump, Thump.

Bang!

As the mother Crimson Giant Bear charged towards the Large Branch Scouts, the area was devastated.

The Minotaur King also began to attack.

Roar!!!

Whoosh.

Bang!

When Minotaur King swung his weapon, the Red Bone Club, in the air once, the Large Branch Scouts in front of him were swept away as if they had met a typhoon.

And

Roar!

Roar!

The Minotaur King and the Black Minotaurs guarded the surroundings of Sejun.

***

Swoosh.

“Hehehe. I feel refreshed.”

Aileen came out of the lake after a bath.

And

Munch, munch.

She filled her stomach with the dried sweet potatoes Sejun gave her.

“Hehe. It’s sweet.”

Aileen had filled her belly enough, so she decided to watch what the interesting human was doing.

Given the time, he seemed likely to be asleep, but watching him sleep would make the morning come quickly.

“Crystal Orb.”

Swoosh.

At Aileen’s call, the Crystal Orb appeared suddenly in front of her. A little mana had accumulated in Aileen’s Dragon Heart, and she was finally able to summon the Crystal Orb from the administrator area.

“”Hehehe. If a little more mana accumulates, I should be able to hear the interesting human’s voice too, right?”

Aileen thought about the Crystal Orb’s voice support function and looked at Sejun’s brick house through the Crystal Orb. But Sejun wasn’t in his bedroom.

“Huh?! Where did he go?”

Aileen looked outside the brick house. Then, she saw Sejun fighting with the Corrupted Ent’s Branches outside.

“Roar! You Ents! How dare you attack my special human!”

She wanted to rush out and burn the entire western forest immediately, but it was frustrating that she couldn’t.

But it was fortunate that the special human was fighting well against the branches.

“Get stronger quickly, human.”

As Aileen was cheering for Sejun and looking around,

“What?! Those guys too?!”

She saw thousands of large branch scouts coming from a point 5km away from Sejun’s house.

“What do I do?! He can’t stop that…”

The level difference between small and large was significant. And their numbers were too many.

“Mama bear! Wake up!”

“Minotaur King! Wake up!”

Aileen started waking up the Mother Crimson Giant Bear and Minotaur King by sending them messages.

***

“How did you guys know…?”

While Sejun was wondering,

[The Tower’s Administrator says that she woke up the Mother Crimson Giant Bear and Minotaur King.]

[The Tower’s Administrator shouts for you to trust her and sleep soundly in the future.]

“Aileen, thank you. I survived because of you.”

[……]

For some reason, Aileen didn’t respond to Sejun’s words. Aileen’s heart was pounding too hard at Sejun’s words.

At that moment,

Kuung!

Cuengi called Sejun in front of the large branch scout.

“Cuengi, why?”

When Sejun approached,

Thump.

A large branch scout, whose arms and legs were all broken, but not yet dead, was seen trying to move.

“Huh?! It’s not dead yet?”

Thud.

[You have defeated a large branch scout of the Corrupted Ent.]

[You have gained 500 experience points.]

As Sejun killed the large branch scout,

Thud!

Kuung!

Cuengi, breaking the remaining arm of the moving large branch scout, called Sejun.

“Oh! This one also has no arms and legs.”

Thud!

Sejun delivered the final blow again.

Meanwhile, Cuengi immobilized another branch scout and called Sejun again.

The Black Minotaurs watching from behind were moved by the filial piety of Cuengi who was trying to raise a weak dad.

And

Thud.

Eumuh!

Following Cuengi, they broke the arms and legs of the surviving branch scouts and called Sejun.

Thanks to the help of Cuengi and the Black Minotaurs, Sejun, who monopolized the experience, raised his level again and reached level 23.

And

Peey…

Peeyoo…

At the end of the long dawn, the faint cries of the baby rabbits came from the cave. Theo’s intuition was accurate. Creatures targeting Sejun’s knees were born.

***

In front of the merchant route connecting the 50th floor to the 40th floor of the Tower.

“I feel uneasy, meow.”

Theo, looking at his trembling whiskers shoot up, said. He felt like he had to return to the 99th floor of the tower soon.

“We can’t wait, meow! Elka, let’s go at top speed, meow!”

“Yes! Representative Theo! I will carry you quickly and safely!”

At Theo’s words, Elka started to run with Theo on his back.

And then,

“Humans, I have arrived, meow!”

After 12 hours, Theo, who arrived at the 38th floor of the tower, announced his arrival while riding on Elka’s back.

“Theo, wait a moment. I’ll call people right away.”

The hunters resting in the camp hurriedly contacted their colleagues.

“Fine, meow! Generous me will wait, meow!”

Theo spoke, placing a hand on his waist while sitting atop Elka. They didn’t get surprised at seeing a Silver Wolf Tribe member. It was because they occasionally saw wandering merchants with mercenaries.

Soon, the hunters began to gather.

‘Hohoho. There are more humans, meow!’

Theo was pleased to see nearly 500 gathered hunters. The increase in the number of hunters was due to rumors about a new crop called Detoxifying Green Onion.

The Royal Knights had obtained 30 Detoxifying Green Onions,  One of them was fed to a guild member’s father with terminal liver cancer, with the guild’s permission.

And Sejun’s crops surprised the world again.. After eating the Detoxifying Green Onion, cancer cells started to disappear from the liver of a terminal liver cancer patient within 24 hours.

This led to an increase in the number of hunters once again as wealthy individuals suffering from liver cancer requested Detoxifying Green Onions from hunters.

“Today, I will sell C-grade Magical Cherry Tomatoes in an auction, 500 each for a total of 6000, followed by 100 each of D-grade Detoxifying Green Onions for a total of 3000, meow!”

Theo invested all the incentives he received from Sejun into increasing his bag capacity, and filled it with Detoxifying Green Onions, which were popular among humans.

He deliberately arranged to sell the tomatoes first. This would keep humans who wanted to buy the onions around longer.

‘Heehee. Now, I am a seasoned wandering merchant who knows the art of selling, meow!’

While Theo was feeling proud of his own growth,

“650 Tower Coins for 500!”

Hunters began to bid for Magical Cherry Tomatoes.

As the supply of Magical Cherry Tomatoes increased, the price gradually stabilized, settling at about 1.45 Tower Coins per tomato on average.

“All Magical Cherry Tomatoes are sold out, meow!”

In this way, he sold 6000 Magical Cherry Tomatoes and earned 8700 Tower Coins.

And then,

“Now I will sell Detoxifying Green Onions, meow!”

With Theo’s words, a fierce competition among hunters began.

“2500 Tower Coins for 100!”

“3000 Tower Coins for 100!”

“3500 Tower Coins for 100!”

Phoenix Guild, Royal Knight Guild, and Wizard Guild members participating in the auction quickly gave up bidding due to the skyrocketing prices. Today was not their day.

“7200 Tower Coins for 100!”

“Sold, meow!”

“7600 Tower Coins for 100!”

“Sold, meow!”

Hunters who had been commissioned by the rich, who could spend hundreds of billions for their lives, swept away the Detoxifying Green Onions.

The call really was the price. If you can’t eat Magical Cherry Tomatoes, you just lose vitality, but if you can’t eat Detoxifying Green Onions, you die.

For the rich, this wasn’t a matter of value.

In this way, Theo sold 3000 Detoxifying Green Onions and earned 215,200 Tower Coins.

‘Heehee. Now, even the dream of becoming an advanced wandering merchant is not far away, meow!’

Before he knew it, Theo’s sales amount was approaching the promotion condition of 1 million tower coins for an advanced wandering merchant. Of course, other conditions are needed as well.

“Those who want to take a picture with me, line up, meow!”

Theo took pictures with the hunters and received churu, seasoning, and coffee as rewards.

“See you next time, meow!”

Theo hurriedly left the camp to go to the 99th floor of the tower.

At that moment,

“Um… Mr. Theo.”

The five hunters who tried to kidnap Theo, but ended up having their lives mortgaged, approached him nervously.
*****

For extra chapters, you can read them on my Patreon at https://www.patreon.com/HangukTranslations.

Join our Discord for announcements or to report any mistakes. You can also leave a review and rating on NovelUpdates.

https://discord.gg/Z2Z6TdQk4g
