
Chapter 49: Creating Thunder Clouds

TL: Hanguk

As soon as the Blue Moon ended, Sejun went to the green onion field on the ground.

A few days ago, he planted a few detoxifying green onions in part of the green onion field and had been cutting the leaves and dividing the growing roots to plant more. He needed an detoxifying green onion for every meal in order to eat seafood outside the pond.

And the result of the division and planting was fortunately successful. The roots of the green onions planted by division from the detoxifying green onion grew as the same grade detoxifying green onion. It was possible to duplicate items.

So he checked to see if there were any detoxifying green onions containing the energy of the Blue Moon among the detoxifying green onions, but

“There’s none.”

As he thought, there were no detoxifying green onions containing the energy of the Blue Moon.

Unlike other crops, green onions didn’t contain the energy of the Blue Moon. Was the condition not right?

“Let’s get to work.”

Sejun, who had been thinking, began to cut the lush green onion leaves that had grown overnight. It was almost morning, so it was an awkward time to sleep.

After about 30 minutes,

Thud. Thud.

Grrr!

Cuengi (Baby Bear), who came to work with mother Crimson Giant Bear, greeted Sejun by waving his two front paws.

Then

Grrr?!

Sniff sniff.

Cuengi (Baby Bear) approached Sejun and began to sniff vigorously near Sejun’s face.

“Why…why are you doing that?”

Sejun, feeling guilty, tried to retreat, but

Plop.

Cuengi (Baby Bear) grabbed Sejun’s shoulder to prevent him from running away.

Then

Sniff sniff.

He persistently sniffed around Sejun’s mouth.

Grrr!

[Dad’s mouth smells like honey!]

Grrr?

[Did you eat honey alone?]

“······”

Sejun’s perfect crime began to shake violently with Sejun’s pupils.

“Cuengi (Baby Bear), shall we eat something delicious?”

Sejun quickly changed the direction of the conversation and brought boiled potatoes from the cave.

Then

“This is a honey potato.”

Sejun placed 5 boiled potatoes on the green onion leaves and generously poured honey over them.

[You have made 5 power honey potatoes.]

[Your Cooking Lv. 1 proficiency has increased slightly.]

[Due to the effect of Cooking Lv. 1, the taste and effect of Power Honey Potatoes have increased slightly.]

“Here, eat it.”

Cuengi (Baby Bear) swallowed the honey potatoes that Sejun had made, along with the green onion leaves.

Chew chew.

“Want more?”

Grrr!

At Sejun’s words, Cuengi (Baby Bear) nodded his head strongly.

The moment Cuengi (Baby Bear) tasted the honey potato, the fact that Sejun’s mouth smelled like honey wasn’t important. Sejun was barely able to keep Cuengi’s (Baby Bear) mouth shut with the honey potatoes.

And a while later, the rabbits woke up and ate Blue Moon Energy-imbued cherry tomatoes and roasted sweet potatoes, starting a busy morning.

***

1st floor of the tower, Gagel’s tower farm project headquarters.

In the headquarters’ yard, about 6000 cherry tomatoes that were successfully germinated from the seeds of D-grade magic power cherry tomatoes had already grown up to ankle height.

“Come on, move quickly!”

Team leader Thomas was urging the researchers who were diluting the high-concentration growth stimulant with water. The reason why cherry tomatoes could grow so fast was thanks to the growth stimulant developed by Gagel.

Although the product was too expensive to commercialize compared to its effect, they were spraying the cherry tomato field without sparing the growth stimulant in order to check the results quickly under the direction of Vice Chairman Michael.

They didn’t even know what kind of result it would make…

Squirm.

The stem of the cherry tomato moved slightly, but no one among the researchers noticed it.

***

In the late afternoon after lunch, a strange atmosphere began to flow in the green onion field.

Swish. Swish.

Sejun’s face hardened as he cut the green onion leaves.

Squeak. Squeak.

On the contrary, the faces of the Sickle Rabbit and the red-dotted rabbit among the second-generation offspring were full of smiles. Between the two flowed a pink aura. The two rabbits were in love.

Squeak.

The mother rabbit seemed pleased, as if it was a good time, looking at the two of them.

However,

“These guys, in this sacred workplace!”

Sejun couldn’t look at them fondly. This was definitely not because he felt sick or felt uncomfortable. As the leader of the farm, he needed to inform them of the farm’s rule prohibiting romance during work hours.

“Go! Cuengi (Baby Bear) ! Rolling attack!”

Grrr!

At Sejun’s command, Cuengi (Baby Bear) rolled forward once and

Grrr!

He chased after the Sickle Rabbit at a fast speed, aggressively picking up the green onion leaves.

Whack!

The Sickle Rabbit started to cut green onion leaves in surprise at Cuengi’s (Baby Bear) charge.

And

“Go! Black Rabbit! Show your elder brother’s dignity!”

Bounce!

At Sejun’s command, the Black Rabbit walked towards the red-dotted Rabbit with a casual gait like a delinquent and led her to where she was watering the crops for on-site training.

Once the atmosphere that bothered Sejun disappeared,

“Hmph! You kids are at least 10 years too early.”

Sejun said villain-like lines and then started working again.

And

Squeak. Squeak.

The mother rabbit shook her head as she watched Sejun. She was wondering who the real kid was…

As evening fell,

Roar.

Grrr!

The mother Crimson Giant Bear took Cuengi (Baby Bear) home.

And

Mooh!

Woocheon Sam (Minotaur 1003), representing the other Black Minotaurs, informed Sejun that it was time to leave work.

“Right. You did well. Take that pile of green onion leaves over there.”

Mooh!

Woocheon Sam (Minotaur 1003) was happy at Sejun’s words and picked up a pile of green onion leaves and went off duty.

“We should clock out too.”

Squeak!

Whack!

At Sejun’s words, the rabbits finished their work and started to go down to the cave.

“Is the work done now, meow?”

Theo approached to claim Sejun’s empty lap.

“President Theo, where have you been playing?! Do you want to get fired again?!”

“No, meow! I was cleaning up the bag, meow! And I found this in the bag, meow!”

Theo handed over an item he got for free from the blacksmith’s corner to Sejun, looking wronged.

“This is?!”

It was a necklace with a small yellow gemstone.

[Scratched Gem Necklace]

→ ???

→ Usage Restriction: None

→ Creator: Confidential

→ Grade: E

As the name suggests, there were many scratches on the gem.

“Aileen, can you appraise this?”

[The Tower’s Administrator says leave it to them.]

[A quest has been generated.]

Aileen took the necklace and appraised it.

[The Tower’s Administrator says it’s useless, but it’s not dangerous.]

In return for receiving the necklace, she requested cherry tomatoes.

“Here are 20 cherry tomatoes.”

Sejun gave Aileen 20 cherry tomatoes, and the necklace appeared in Sejun’s hand.

[You have acquired the Appraised Necklace – Necklace of Light as a quest completion reward.]

“Necklace of Light?”

Sejun checked the options of the necklace.

[Necklace of Light]

→ It’s a necklace with light magic inscribed on an amber gem.

→ Usage Restrictions: Lv. 5 and above, Magic Power 3 and above

→ Creator: Horin, the Green Tower’s magician

→ Grade: C

→ Skill: [Light Lv. 1]

[Light Lv. 1]

→ When you use the skill, it brightens up the surroundings.

→ The higher the wearer’s magic power, the stronger the light.

“How is it, meow? I didn’t particularly like anything in the draw, but I picked it up because it was free, meow…”

Theo spoke in an uncertain voice to Sejun who was checking the necklace he had appraised.

“As expected, the golden paw.”

“Meow?”

Theo’s drawing ability was impressive. The Necklace of Light had a feature that Sejun needed. That was the Light skill, which emits light.

Although he wanted to eat the eel’s core, he had been enduring it because if he ate the eel’s core himself, the black rabbit would lose the way to get seafood from outside the pond…

If he used the Light skill built into the magic necklace, everything would be solved. He needs to check the brightness first…

“Besides, that’s amazing.”

Theo’s golden paw was a perfect high-end item detector that did not even go below grade C.

“What, meow?!”

As Sejun looked at him with displeasure, Theo anxiously clung to Sejun’s lap.

“Come here.”

“Why, meow?”

“Gotcha!”

Sejun grabbed Theo’s body with both hands, lifted him, and moved Theo’s front paw back and forth as if detecting pulse, and roamed around.

“How about it? Is there a place your foot is attracted to?”

Sejun asked as he carried Theo around for about 3 minutes. He was planning to stop and go down to the cave now since it was a joke.

However,

“Keep walking, meow.”

“Okay.”

As Theo replied with a concentrated expression with his eyes closed, Sejun thought that Theo was seriously searching for items and walked around diligently.

‘Phoohoot. So this is how it feels to be carried? It feels good, meow.’

If Sejun knew what Theo was feeling, he would have stopped, but Sejun didn’t have the ability to read minds.

So they walked for about 10 minutes, but Theo’s front paw was quiet.

“Let’s eat.”

Hungry, Sejun brought Theo down to the cave.

“President Park, let’s do it again next time, meow.”

Only Theo was satisfied with those 10 minutes.

For dinner, they had baked sweet potatoes and grilled fish.

As soon as the meal was over,

“Here, try wearing this.”

Sejun handed the Necklace of Light to the black rabbit.

“But your magic power is over 3, right?”

Squeak!

Swoosh. Swoosh.

In response to Sejun’s question, the black rabbit squeaked as if to say don’t underestimate him and wrote his magic power number on the dirt floor with his front paw.

33

“Wha?!”

Sejun was surprised to see that the black rabbit’s magic power was much higher than his own.

Meanwhile,

Flash.

The black rabbit, who wore the necklace, used the necklace’s skill to light up the surroundings.

And then,

Splash.

The black rabbit, using the Light skill, jumped into the pond and went out through the hole and returned.

“How about it? Can you see well?”

Squeak!

In response to Sejun’s question, the black rabbit nodded. It sees well!

“Really?”

In response to the black rabbit’s answer, Sejun picked up the gigantic electric eel’s core. Finally, it was time to eat the core.

Crunch.

He took a big bite and

Swish.

The hard core turned mushy and flowed into his mouth.

“…!”

Sejun was surprised at the unexpected taste he felt from the inner core.

What?! Why does it taste like orange-flavored soda here?!

He felt a fizzing orange-flavored soda taste from the liquefied gigantic electric eel’s core. An image of orange Fanta came to Sejun’s mind.

Gulp.

While enjoying the aftertaste,

[You have consumed the inner core of the Giant Electric Eel.]

[You have learned Skill – Rain Thunder Lv. 1.]

A message appeared saying he had learned a skill.

“Learned?”

As Sejun was feeling strange, who always saw only the message that he had acquired a skill,

[You lack a great deal of magical power to properly use Rain Thunder Lv. 1.]

[For the user’s safety, <Rainfall> is sealed.]

[For the user’s safety, <Throw Thunder> is sealed.]

“What?”

If rain and thunder are sealed in the Rain Thunder skill, then it’s not a Rain Thunder skill!

Sejun quickly checked the skill.

[Skill – Rain Thunder Lv. 1]

→ You can create a thundercloud to use rain and thunder.

→ <Create Thundercloud>: You create a thundercloud with magic power. The stronger the magic power, the larger and denser the thundercloud you can create. If the environment is right, there’s a low chance to make it rain.

→ <Rainfall>: (Sealed – Requires Magic Power of 30 or above)

→ <Throw Thunder>: (Sealed – Requires Magic Power of 70 or above)

“Create Thundercloud.”

As Sejun used the skill,

Fluffy fluffy.

A small thundercloud, about 1 meter above Sejun’s head, was created.

“Uh-huh…”

He used a third of his magic power, but the thundercloud was much smaller than expected.

Sejun decided to be satisfied with the ability to create shade with with the cloud when resting and having tasted the orange-flavored soda.

Then,

“Oh great Black Dragon. We have returned.”

The silver wolves that had gone down to avoid the Blue Moon came back with three gray rabbits.

*****

Good Night!!!

Join our Discord for announcements or to report any mistakes. You can also leave a review and rating on NovelUpdates.

https://discord.gg/Z2Z6TdQk4g
