
Chapter 50: Joining Forces

TL: Hanguk

Elka and the wolves, who had avoided the Blue Moon on the 99th floor of the tower, quickly stopped by the 85th floor to inform their tribal wolves that they were now working under the great Black Dragon.

Then, they delivered a small portion of food prepared by Sejun and set back on their path to the 99th floor.

“Chief Elka!”

A subordinate wolf called Elka.

“What?”

“Look over there.”

The subordinate wolf pointed out something. There, three rabbits were begging on the roadside.

‘Are those rabbits the servants of the great Black Dragon?’

They looked dirty and skinny from hardships, but they were unmistakably rabbits. Elka thought the grey rabbits had escaped from Sejun.

‘How dare they run away from the great Black Dragon!’

“Catch them and take them to the great Black Dragon!”

“Yes!”

“Yes!”

In this way, Elka and the wolves caught the begging grey rabbits one by one and went up to the 99th floor.

***

When Sejun and Theo went up to the ground to see the wolves,

Thud.

The wolves carefully placed the three grey rabbits they had been holding in their mouths in front of Sejun.

Shivering.

The grey rabbits, dragged by the wolves, were shaking in fear.

“Elka, who are these?”

“We have caught the runaway servants of the great Black Dragon.”

“Runaway servants?”

Elka looked at Sejun, wagging his tail as if to say ‘Didn’t I do well?’

“You did well for now.”

Sejun patted Elka’s head.

‘Where did they find these guys?’

[Architect Grey Rabbit]

[Wood Craftsman Grey Rabbit]

[Leaf Craftsman Grey Rabbit]

The wolves brought in technicians.

***

Shivering

What should we do, brother?

Brother, I’m scared.

Even if we are given to the dragon, as long as we stay alert, we’ll survive. Everyone, stay alert.

The Architect Rabbit comforted his siblings who were anxious about the human, cat, and wolf gazes looking down at them.

He was also anxious, but if he too showed his anxiousness, the situation would get worse.

We are the grey rabbits of the great Rabbit Kingdom!

The older rabbit brother stepped forward and cried out with pride. It was his attempt to shake off the anxiety.

Then,

Swoosh.

A human hand reached out towards him.

‘Did I overstep?’

The older rabbit brother regretted it and tightly closed his eyes.

***

Squeak!

Among the three starving rabbits, the healthiest-looking Architect Rabbit was mumbling something on his own.

As Sejun reached out his hand to talk to the Architect Rabbit,

Squeak!!

Bam!!

The other two grey rabbits behind threw themselves towards Sejun’s hand.

However,

“Growl. How dare you try to attack the great Black Dragon!!!”

The wolves lightly swung their paws and the grey rabbits fainted in an instant. In the settled atmosphere, Sejun put his hand on the head of the Architect Rabbit.

And then,

“I’m sorry for now. Our wolves had some misunderstanding.”

Squeak? Squeak?

[Misunderstanding? Then, are you sparing us?]

“Of course. Why would I kill you guys.”

Squeak…

[That’s a relief…]

Upon hearing Sejun’s promise not to kill them, the architect rabbit seemed relieved and passed out.

“Let’s sleep now and talk again tomorrow.”

“Yes, Great Black Dragon.”

Sejun told the wolves, then took the gray rabbits down to the cave.

He laid them down on straw and covered them with green onion leaves.

“Representative Theo, let’s sleep too.”

Sejun said, laying down and covering himself with a blanket.

“What?! I’m President Theo, meow!”

“Your time is up.”

The time for President Theo, which had been extended for various reasons, was over.

“Ah, that’s right, meow.”

At Sejun’s words, Theo readily admitted it and climbed onto Sejun’s stomach to sleep.

***

Kkoong!

When morning came, Cuengi came to play and woke everyone up.

“Alright!”

Sejun got up, added a line to the wall, and began the morning of day 213.

And then

Squeak!

Squeak!

The rabbit couple emerging from the cave was surprised to discover the still-sleeping gray rabbits. From the expression of the rabbit couple, it seemed they recognized them.

“Do you know each other?”

In response to Sejun’s question, the male rabbit nodded his head.

And then

Chuck.

Squeak.

[There was once a great rabbit kingdom.]

He began explaining, placing his hand on Sejun’s body.

According to the male rabbit, in the past, the rabbit kingdom was inhabited by three rabbit tribes living in harmony. The White Rabbit Tribe, who enjoyed farming, the Grey Rabbit Tribe, who were good with their hands and loved creating things, and the Black Rabbit Tribe, who were adept in combat.

Squeak…

[But one day the red monsters covered the sky…]

The sudden invasion of the red monsters caused the downfall of the rabbit kingdom, and all the rabbits scattered to find a way to survive.

And the unconscious grey rabbits over there were from a neighboring village of his own.

As they were talking,

Asaak. Asaak.

The sound of slowly chewing on green onion leaves could be heard.

“Huh?”

When he looked towards the sound, he found that the grey rabbits were nibbling on the green onion leaves Sejun had covered them with, even in their sleep. How hungry they must have been to be eating even in their sleep…

“Let’s wake them up, feed them, and put them back to sleep.”

Squeak!

At Sejun’s words, the rabbit couple happily rushed to roast some piranhas and more green onion leaves. They seemed happy to meet fellow natives from the same kingdom.

As the morning was almost completed,

Squirm. Squirm

The grey rabbits, who had not been awakened, woke up on their own, following the delicious smell with their noses.

And then,

Squeak?!

Squeak?!

Squeak?!

Seeing the white rabbits and black rabbits roaming around, the grey rabbits shed tears. They misunderstood that they had died and that the rabbits in heaven were welcoming them.

But then,

Gurgle.

After hearing the sound from their stomachs, the architect rabbit came to his senses. It couldn’t be that they were dead and their stomachs were making sounds.

Then,

Squeak!

The rabbit couple approached the grey rabbits who had regained their senses.

Uncle!

Aunt!

Have you been well?

The grey rabbits greeted the rabbit couple joyfully, asking each other about their well-being.

What about your parents?

They passed away while protecting us from the red monsters.

······

The rabbit couple quietly embraced the gray rabbits.

Then,

Gurgle.

The sound came from the grey rabbits’ bellies again.

Squeak!

The rabbit couple quickly fed the grey rabbits breakfast.

“This is our farm’s owner.”

“And these are our children.”

While eating breakfast, the rabbit couple introduced Sejun, Theo, and their children, greeting each other.

After breakfast, the rabbits went off to do their individual tasks.

And the grey rabbits left behind began to create something, seemingly to repay their meal.

“Huh? What’s this?!”

Sejun, who came to prepare lunch, found the grey rabbits busily creating something.

In the kitchen, there was a basket made of green onion leaves filled neatly with cut green onion leaves ready to be eaten.

And utensils made from surrounding trees – spoons and chopsticks. They were of a higher quality compared to the ones Sejun had made roughly.

“Do you perhaps need a job?”

Sejun had planned to make the offer once they got a bit closer, but after witnessing the grey rabbits’ handiwork, he couldn’t resist asking.

Squeak! Squeak! Squeak!

At Sejun’s words, the grey rabbits nodded their heads vigorously. One reason the grey rabbits put their skills to use was to catch the eye of the farm owner, Sejun.

If they could eat like this every morning, or even just have green onion leaves every day, they would be content.

And so, the three grey rabbits joined Sejun’s farm.

And as a result, Sejun’s standard of living started to increase significantly.

“From now on, the grey rabbits will also be living with us.”

Sejun announced the grey rabbits’ joining of the farm while eating lunch.

After lunch,

“I’m sleepy. Give me your lap, meow…”

Yawwn…

Squeak…

Theo and the black rabbit took Sejun’s two knees and Cuengi took Sejun’s back, starting their nap.

“Create Thundercloud.”

Fluffy.

Sejun made a shade that even covered Cuengi, with a thundercloud.

Sip, sip.

Sejun sipped his coffee while examining the thundercloud he created.

“But does this thing move?”

As soon as Sejun thought about moving the thundercloud,

Swoosh.

The thundercloud moved slowly to the side. It was slow, but it did move.

Then,

[The proficiency of ‘Creating Thundercloud’ has slightly increased.]

“Huh?!”

The proficiency of creating thunderclouds increased. However, it was unclear whether the proficiency of the Rain Thunder skill itself had increased.

Squeak…

As the thundercloud moved aside and suddenly the dazzling sun shone, Cuengi pressed its head more against Sejun’s back to avoid the sun.

“Sorry. sorry.”

Sejun patted the head of Cuengi and returned the dark cloud to its original position.

This time, he changed the shape of the cloud. It wasn’t detailed, but it was possible to make the dark cloud a bit thicker or thinner, wider or narrower.

In addition, every time Sejun changed the shape of the dark cloud, the proficiency of creating dark clouds increased.

“Let’s get up now.”

After a nap of about 30 minutes, Sejun woke up Theo, the black rabbit, and Cuengi and started work again.

Swoosh.

Sejun grabbed the back of Teo’s head as he tried to sneak off somewhere else for another nap.

“What, meow?”

“Our representative Theo should show an example to his subordinates today.”

“Is that so, meow? It’s time to show my cool side, meow! Wolves, follow me, meow!”

Slash!

At Sejun’s words, Theo unsheathed his claws and ran towards the green onion field.

And then

Grrr.

The wolves followed Theo to the green onion field and started cutting the green onion leaves with sharp claws.

Sejun sent Theo and the wolves to the green onion field and went down to the cave.

Cherry tomatoes, potatoes, sweet potatoes.

There was a lot to harvest today. Sejun had the sickle rabbit cut the sweet potato sprouts to be planted later and started harvesting.

Scratch. Scratch.

Sejun quickly finished harvesting the cherry tomatoes and

Thump thump thump.

In the potato field, he pulled the potato stems and harvested the potatoes. The shovel rabbits turned the soil and harvested the remaining potatoes that could not be harvested by pulling the potato stems.

And when Sejun was about to harvest sweet potatoes from the sweet potato field where all the sweet potato sprouts had been cut,

Tumble tumble.

Theo walked weakly and clung to Sejun’s leg, who was cutting green onion leaves.

“Representative Theo, what’s wrong?”

“The wolves cut the green onion leaves better than me, meow…”

“Huh?”

When Sejun looked up to the ground, he saw the wolves

Slice slice slice.

With a single swipe of a wolf’s paw, a sharp wind rose and 4-5 green onion leaves were cut at once. In particular, nearly 10 green onion leaves were cut off with Elka’s swipe.

“That’s impressive?”

Theo’s confidence was about to break. However, Sejun could not let Theo’s spirit die, so he quickly started to boost Theo’s spirits.

“It’s okay. Theo, your talent isn’t in your claws.”

“Then where is my talent, meow?”

“Theo, your talent is in your front paws.”

“Is that so, meow?!”

At Sejun’s words, Theo had a great realization.

‘Puhuhut. Everything Park Sejun says is right, meow! I’m a merchant, meow! My talent is the deadly charm of my front paws to entice customers, meow!’

Connecting the front paws with other words sparked creative thinking.

Thunk.

Theo, whose spirit was revived, got off Sejun’s leg and walked to a corner of the cave.

However,

Thud.

Theo’s neck was caught again by Sejun.

“Theo, where are you going? You have work to do.”

“President Park, I’m tired, meow.”

“Yeah. Rest after finishing work.”

Although Theo spoke with a tired expression, Sejun firmly answered and put Theo in a sweet potato field where sweet potato sprouts were not yet cut. That’s how Theo helped the sickle rabbit cut sweet potato sprouts.

A little later

Slice!

“Did you see that, meow! My amazing cutting skill, meow!”

Theo was still the strongest in the cave.

*****

More Chapters releasing Soon!!!!
