Chapter 72
TL: Hanguk

“You son of a! Park Sejun!”

When Kaiser, blinded by jealousy over his granddaughter, fired a water cannon at Sejun using the black dragon statue installed at the fountain for Aileen’s 100th anniversary,

“Father, please hold.”

Anton, who had higher control over the black dragon statue, took control of the statue from Kaiser.

“Cough, cough.”

Kaiser, belatedly realizing he’d made a scene due to his anger, cleared his throat awkwardly.

“Let’s observe what kind of person this human named Park Sejun is.”

“Why bother?!”

“This human named Park Sejun is our hope to fix Aileen’s dragon heart. We need to know what kind of person he is.”

“Hmm, understood.”

They continued to watch Sejun through the black dragon statue.

And they discovered something interesting.

“What’s with this guy?”

Despite being incredibly weak, he was managing various monsters with crops he farmed. But it was hard to say he was bad when the monsters he managed seemed so happy.

And the crops with various effects. The improvement in Aileen’s dragon heart condition was thanks to the crops.

“Humph! This guy has some skills!”

Kaiser, who had been watching Sejun with a stern look, began to acknowledge him a bit.

So, while they were watching through the black dragon statue for several days, they saw the corrupted Ent’s branch scout approaching Sejun’s farm.

“It seems the Corrupted Ents have spread again.”

“Tsk. Just like weeds.”

The Corrupted Ents were one of the nuisances on the 99th floor that bothered the black dragons. If they didn’t regularly clear them out, they would proliferate massively and lead to the extinction of other monsters.

From the black dragons’ perspective, it would be easier to eradicate the Corrupted Ents completely, but it was impossible due to the Tower Administrator’s duty to ‘not deliberately cause the extinction of creatures settled in the Tower’.

Still, the human was successfully protecting the farm with the help of the monsters.

Then,

“It’s the one that absorbed the energy of the Bluemoon.”

“That one will be difficult.”

A Corrupted Ent that has absorbed the energy of the Blue Moon, which is born with a slim chance, was a monster difficult to kill by anyone other than a black dragon.

“We have to use that.”

“It wasn’t installed for this purpose.”

Even though Kaiser grumbled, he didn’t oppose the idea of helping Sejun.

“Activate the black dragon statue.”

With Anton’s command, the red magic stone embedded in the eyes of the black dragon statue lit up and the statue began to move as if it were alive.

It was a skill engraved in the red magic stone by Anton using high-level magic in case Aileen faced danger.

Thus, Anton, who used the black dragon statue to defeat the Corrupted Ent, flew back to Sejun and started a conversation.

After observing Sejun for several days, Anton judged him to be a trustworthy human.

***

Boom!

With a gigantic mushroom cloud, the massive corrupted Ent that had absorbed the energy of the Blue Moon evaporated.

“The last hit should have been mine.”

Although he wouldn’t be able to level up much due to his level 30 job quest, but it was still a bit regrettable.

As Sejun was admiring the mushroom cloud created by Anton with regret,

Flap. Flap.

The black dragon statue moved its wings and flew towards him.

“Thank you for your help, Aileen’s father.”

-Just call me Anton.

“Yes.”

-And the help just now is nothing compared to how you saved my daughter. Thank you for saving Aileen.

“Yes…”

Sejun suddenly felt like he was meeting his girlfriend’s parents, although he’d never had a girlfriend…

Sejun was in a similar situation to Theo. He just didn’t show it.

-I’d like to have your help in the future.

“Help? Are you referring to healing Aileen’s Dragon Heart?”

-That’s part of it, but I would also like you to manage the Black Tower on behalf of Aileen.

The Black Tower had not been properly managed because Aileen could not leave her administrator area. Additionally, Kaiser, who usually took care of urgent matters every 10 years, couldn’t do so this time.

As time passed, various problems would begin to occur on different floors.

This was a concern for both Kaiser and Anton.

Then

“What’s that?!”

“Red Locusts?! When did they infiltrate?”

They, who didn’t know that Red Locusts had invaded the Black Tower, were greatly surprised to see the wolves carrying full carts of Red Locust corpses.

Red Locusts, once their numbers began to increase, were unstoppable. This was one of the key reasons the tower was built.

Fortunately, they were relieved to hear from the wolves and Sejun, that they were containing the spread of the Red Locusts that had infiltrated the 67th floor of the tower.

They believed that Sejun had the ability to solve some of the tower’s problems. Thinking about it, he has the ability to move the monsters of the 99th floor of the tower, which would solve most of the problems.

Therefore, Anton decided to assign Sejun the role of acting administrator of the tower on behalf of Aileen.

“Managing the Black Tower?”

-Yes. It won’t be too hard. We’ll support you.

“We…?”

-Yes!Park Sejun! I am Kaiser Pritani! Aileen’s grandfather!

Suddenly, a boisterous voice came from the black dragon statue.

“Ah! Hello, Mr. Kaiser. I’m Park Sejun.”

-Well, at least you know your manners.

Kaiser, who had previously disliked Sejun, was a little appeased by Sejun’s 90-degree bow.

“But I can’t leave this floor.”

-There’s always a way!

“Really?!”

-Indeed! For now, put the Magical Cherry Tomato into the mouth of the black dragon statue!

“What?!”

-Ahem! It has its uses! I’m not asking because I want to eat it!

Feeling somewhat guilty, Kaiser became very angry. He definitely was Aileen’s grandfather, insisting first before seeing the result.

“Understood.”

When Sejun picked a few tomatoes and put them into the mouth of the black dragon statue,

Flash.

The tomatoes disappeared with a flash of light.

And then

“We need to recharge our energy for now, so let’s talk again later. Hurry to where the corrupted Ent died. There should be something helpful for someone weak like you.”

Flap. Flap.

The black dragon statue left those words and flew back up to the fountain again and started spitting out water.

***

Thud. Thud.

Sejun was riding on the back of Mother Crimson Giant Bear with the Black Rabbit and Cuengi, heading towards the place where the Corrupted Ent had died.

“What’s supposed to be there?”

Roar!

[There’s a bead that makes you stronger near where the Corrupted Ent died.]

Mother Crimson Giant Bear answered his curiosity.

“A bead that makes you stronger when eaten?”

Roar. Roar.

[Yes. It’s a blue bead.]

While they were talking, they arrived at the place where the Corrupted Ent had died.

And in the middle of the giant crater, there was one fist-sized blue bead and a branch about 10 meters long, about as thick as a log.

Sejun picked up the blue bead and the branch.

[You have acquired the Enhanced Seed of the Corrupted Ent.]

[You have acquired the Enhanced Branch of the Corrupted Ent.]

“Wow!”

Sejun, delighted by the message, first looked at the options of the seed.

[Enhanced Seed of the Corrupted Ent]

→ It’s a seed of the Corrupted Ent that has absorbed the energy of the Blue Moon.

→ The seed has been enhanced by the energy of the Blue Moon.

→ When consumed, all stats increase permanently by 10.

→ If left on the ground, the seed will sprout and grow into a powerful Corrupted Ent.

→ Expiration date: 100 years

→ Grade: A

“Consuming it increases all stats permanently by 10…”

It was quite a good option.

“Is this what he meant?”

It seemed that what Kaiser had referred to as something helpful was this seed.

However, the idea of planting the seed, which would multiply by dozens at the least when sown, came to Sejun’s mind before the idea of eating it. He was a tower farmer who believed in the truth of multiplication.

‘What if I get Flamie to give it a flame of purification buff here?’

Even though it was corrupted, purification might be possible. If not, he could eat it then. The expiration date was long, so there was no need to worry about spoilage.

“I’ll keep it for now.”

So Sejun put the seed in his pocket and looked at the options of the branch.

[Enhanced Branch of the Corrupted Ent]

→ It’s a branch of the Corrupted Ent that has absorbed the energy of the Blue Moon.

→ The hardness of the branch has been greatly enhanced by the energy of the Blue Moon.

→ If mana is inserted, its size can be adjusted at will, making it a good material for a transforming weapon.

→ Usage restrictions: Lv 35 or higher, Strength 50 or higher, Magic Power 30 or higher

→ Grade: A

“I can’t use it.”

Sejun did not meet all the usage restrictions. It was demanding for a mere branch.

Then,

Kkwang!

[Dad, I want to use that!]

Cuengi, who had always envied the Black Rabbit’s hammer, coveted the enhanced branch of the Corrupted Ent.

“Okay. You can use it for now.”

Kkwang!

Cuengi was delighted to receive the branch.

After collecting the items and returning home,

Squeak!

Squeak!

The rabbits were up, preparing for the morning farming.

“It’s a bit tricky.”

After a moment of contemplation, Sejun decided to start the morning farming with the rabbits.

***

Tower’s 75th floor shopping district.

“Hurry up and follow, meow!”

“Yes!”

“Oh! Intern Jeff, your answer is quite confident, meow! I’m reducing your contract period by one day, meow!”

“Thank you!”

Theo did not immediately go to the 38th floor of the Tower, but led his group to the headquarters of the Wandering Merchant Association.

The reason was to apply for the use of the express merchant route.

A intermediate wandering merchant is eligible to apply for the express merchant route. If they have the application fee of 10,000 Tower Coins…

While it typically takes about a day to move 10 floors using the general merchant route, it’s possible to do so in half a day using the express merchant route.

So, Theo, who wanted to quickly finish the trade and return to Sejun’s lap, always wanted to use the express merchant route but couldn’t apply due to lack of money.

But this time, receiving 20,000 Tower Coins as a trade incentive from Sejun, Theo was finally able to apply for the use of the express merchant route.

“We received 10,000 Tower Coins. Intermediate wandering merchant Theo, you can now use the express merchant route. Here’s your new pass.”

An employee of the Wandering Merchant Association handed Theo a silver pass.

“Thank you, meow!”

‘Puhuhut! Finally, I can use the express merchant route too, meow!’

Just as Theo received the new pass and was about to walk out of the building of the Wandering Merchant Association with pride

“Hmm hmm hmm.”

Iona passed by, humming a tune.

“Iona, nice to see you, meow!”

“Ah! Representative Theo, hello.”

They chatted briefly.

“Are you heading down to the lower floors, Representative Theo?”

“No, meow! I’m going to Granier Village, meow!”

“Oh! Really?! That’s great! I’m also going to Granier Village, let’s go together!”

Iona climbed onto the head of Elka, who was waiting outside, excited.

Originally, Theo intended to quickly descend to the 38th floor of the Tower through the express merchant route, but

“I have an urgent message to deliver to my father. In exchange, I’ll pay you 1,000 Tower Coins to take me to Granier Village.”

“Deal! Let’s go, meow!”

Theo changed the destination to Granier Village due to Oren’s proposal. More than the money, he was eager to show his successful self to his hometown cats.

‘Puhuhut. I’ll show them my success, meow!’

“Representative Theo, who’s this?”

Oren looked at Iona and asked.

“This is Iona, meow! We’re going to Granier Village together, meow! Let’s get moving, meow!”

With Theo’s shout, the group set off.

‘Darn it!’

Oren’s face briefly stiffened at the addition of a new member.

However,

‘It’s just a hamster.’

Oren quickly caught up with Theo, wearing a sly smile.

*****

Chapter 72: Obtaining the Seed of the Corrupted Ent
*****

For extra chapters, you can read them on my Patreon at https://www.patreon.com/HangukTranslations.

Join our Discord for announcements or to report any mistakes.

https://discord.gg/Z2Z6TdQk4g