Chapter 83
TL: Hanguk

“Yum.”

Aileen swallowed the honey jelly. As soon as she put it in her mouth, the honey jelly melted, spreading a sweet taste all over her mouth along with the unique flavor of peanuts.

[You have consumed Poisonous Honey Bee’s Peanut Honey Jelly.]

The honey jelly made from peanut flower nectar, like the cherry tomato honey jelly, had the effect of enhancing magic-related talents, so Aileen had been alternating between the two recently.

“Hehehe. Delicious.”

Just as Aileen was enjoying her honey jelly,

[Talent: Hardened Dragon Heart has been slightly enhanced.]

[Talent: The limit of Hardened Dragon Heart has been exceeded.]

[Talent: Hardened Dragon Heart has grown into a slightly Soft Dragon Heart.]

Aileen’s talent grew after consuming the honey jelly.

“Hehehe. Done!”

Thump, thump.. thump, thump..

Aileen felt the rhythm of her almost smooth dragon heart beating and was delighted.

“Grandpa! My talent has grown!”

-Of course, my granddaughter! Grandpa believed in you!

“Then teach me to polymorph now!”

-Po…polymorph, why?!

“Hehehe. I want to polymorph quickly and play with Sejun!”

-No! That rascal… Ahem! fortunately, you’re not yet skilled enough to polymorph.

“Not yet?!”

-Not yet, you’re far from it! Let’s focus on what you can do right now.

Kaiser coaxed Aileen into understanding the abilities of her grown dragon heart. Adapting to the grown Dragon Heart was the priority for now.

***

Wiing.

Wiing.

Kreoung!

[Smells like meat!]

Cuengi launched a light magic punch at the approaching Poisonous Bees, who were exuding a meaty smell.

Kreoung!

Cuengi created a powerful vacuum within 10m in front of him with his fist, knocking out the Poisonous Bees.

And Sejun was picking up the Poisonous Bees, who were knocked out by Cuengi’s attack.

“Poisonous Bees. From now on, you can only eat honey. Got it?”

Wiing.

[Yes.]

The Poisonous Bees obediently responded to Sejun’s words. Sejun was using honey taken out from Cuengi’s snack bag to tempt the eastern poisonous bees by introducing them to the taste of honey, making them give up meat-eating.

Of course, there was resistance from Cuengi, but he agreed to give him twice the honey when they returned.

[The wild Poisonous Bee has decided to follow you.]

“Good.”

Sejun was proud looking at the 302nd Poisonous Bee that he converted.

Originally, he planned to wipe out all the eastern poisonous bees,

‘If I could only get them to taste the honey…’

Suddenly, he thought that if he could convert the poisonous bees, it would be a big help for his farm. Sejun, whose fields were growing recently, felt a shortage of Honeybees.

So, he caught a poisonous bee to experiment with and successfully persuaded it by introducing it to the taste of honey. The poisonous bee, which tasted the honey, easily switched sides to Sejun.

After all, a poisonous bee is a bee. As soon as they tasted honey, they immediately gave up meat-eating.

“Okay. Let’s continue this momentum and convert 1000 poisonous bees to our side today!”

Squeak!

Kreoung!

Sejun’s resolve also excited the black rabbit and Cuengi. The two always had fun when they were with Sejun.

As they were converting the poisonous bees,

Squeak!

The black rabbit pointed to a place. There was a huge 3-meter tall beehive built like a tower.

“Will this work?”

Sejun cautiously approached.

And then,

“Cuengi, shake it!”

Kreoung!

Upon receiving Sejun’s command, Cuengi indiscriminately shook the hive he was holding.

Wiing.

Wiing.

The poisonous bees that were inside the beehive came out to attack Cuengi, but

Kreoung!

The sting of the poisonous bee was only a slight annoyance to Cuengi. A few hundred of them couldn’t pose a significant threat to Cuengi.

Squeak!

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Furthermore, the black rabbit was knocking out the poisonous bees with his hammer, preventing them from getting close to Cuengi.

“Guys! Good job!”

From a distance, Sejun cheered for the black rabbit and Cuengi.

“We are!”

As Sejun began to chant,

Squeak! (One!)

Kreoung! (One!)

The two chanted the rest of the slogan. The three were getting in sync, or rather, Sejun emphasized teamwork.

When the poisonous bees inside the hive were knocked out due to Cuengi shaking it, Sejun pulled out the unconscious poisonous bee queen from inside the hive.

And then,

“Queen, wake up and try this.”

Sejun woke the poisonous bee queen, fed her honey, and persuaded her to join his side.

“If you go with me, you can eat this every day. Do you want to join me?”

Wiing. Wiing.

[Understood. I look forward to working with you.]

[The wild poisonous bee queen has decided to follow you.]

[The 1,295 poisonous bees commanded by the wild poisonous bee queen have decided to follow you, following their Queen.]

[You have acquired the beehive owned by the wild poisonous bee queen.]

“Wow!”

He had exceeded his goal of converting 1,000 poison honey bees in a single go.

Kreoung!

Cuengi cheered at the increase in the number of poisonous honey bees who could make honey.

“Hehehe.”

Squeak!

Kreoung!

With their great success, the three were moving the poisonous honey bee hive near Sejun’s farm while singing songs in a joyful mood, when

“Kyoot-Kyoot-Kyoot. Mr. Sejun!”

From a distance, Iona called out to Sejun and ran up quickly.

That’s when

Squeak…

Seeing the direction Iona was coming from, the black rabbit groaned, suppressing his emotions.

“Black rabbit, what’s wrong?”

Squeak! Squeak!

[I think I’m going to die! My heart is beating too fast!]

“No, you’re not going to die. That’s…”

Sejun said as he saw a white rabbit running towards them carrying Iona. What was meant to come had come. Spring had arrived for the Black Rabbit.

“Could it be love?”

It felt a bit cheesy to call it love. Honestly, it was an emotion Sejun didn’t fully understand himself.

Squeak?

Kreoung?

“What’s love, you ask? Well, love is…”

The virgin, who learned about relationships from TV started explaining love to these rookies.

“Just remember this. Love is straightforward. It means not running away from your own feelings. And we are?!”

Squeak! (One!)

Kreoung! (One!)

“Go on, black rabbit! We’re rooting for you!”

Sejun clenched his fist. He felt strangely nervous.

Kreoung!

Cuengi also didn’t know what was going on, but he clenched his two fists and cheered for the black rabbit anyway.

And then,

Squeak!

Encouraged by their cheers, the black rabbit stepped forward.

“Iona, what’s up?”

“Kyoot-Kyoot-Kyoot. I’m planning to get samples for magical research from the 99th floor of the tower for a while.”

However, Iona’s gaze was fixed on Sejun’s knee as she responded.

“Is that so? Iona, can we talk for a moment?”

Sejun called Iona separately to create an opportunity for the black rabbit and ChuChu to talk alone.

***

The black rabbit approached the white rabbit who had come with Iona.

Thump! Thump! Thump! Thump!

As he got closer, his heart beat faster and more wildly. His uncle had told him that this was love.

“Hello! I’m black rabbit!”

The black rabbit, encouraged by Sejun and Cuengi, approached and spoke confidently.

“Yes. I am ChuChu!”

ChuChu brightly responded. She had heard from her master, but seeing a fellow rabbit tribe made ChuChu very happy.

Then,

“ChuChu, I love you!”

The black rabbit bluntly confessed his feelings to ChuChu.

“I’m sorry. I don’t have the leisure to be in love right now.”

ChuChu flatly refused him.

“That’s okay. Then, I’ll create that luxury for you. How can I help you?”

“I have to rebuild the Rabbit Kingdom, Red Ribbon, on the 55th floor of the tower.”

“Is that so? Then, if I rebuild Red Ribbon Kingdom, will you go out with me?”

“Do you think rebuilding a kingdom is that easy?”

“I don’t know. But I’m going to do it! So, go out with me!”

“No. Rebuilding a kingdom is not that easy…”

“Then, if I rebuild the kingdom, go out with me!”

His uncle said that love is straightforward and one doesn’t run away from it. The black rabbit was charging straight ahead.

***

In a nursing home in Kobe, Japan.

Swoosh.

The door of the single room opened, and a man entered carrying a box full of green onions and sweet potatoes.

“Honey! I’m back!”

The man said, looking at his frail wife, Toda, lying on the bed.

“Gotaro… welcome back.”

As Toda stretched out her arm, Gotaro carefully hugged her.

“I finally got the detoxifying green onions. Just wait a little.”

“Hmm. It’s not too hard, is it?”

“Don’t worry. I’m a hunter of the Royal Knights Guild.”

It had cost nearly 400 million yen, but Gotaro didn’t tell the whole truth. He could spend even more money to save his wife, who was in the terminal stage of liver cancer.

He just regretted not being able to get enough detoxifying green onions as he wanted. To cure terminal liver cancer, 100 detoxifying green onions were needed, but Gotaro could only get 50.

The auction was selling detoxifying green onions in sets of 500, so the bid was too high. Therefore, the guild first won the auction with the guild operation fund, and then distributed them among the guild members.

However, the supply of detoxifying green onions was small, and there were many guild members who wanted them. Most of the guilds were first selling the detoxifying green onions to patients with severe symptoms to reduce conflict.

Instead, they only sold the quantity that could alleviate symptoms, not cure them.

Sigh…

Gotaro washed three detoxifying green onions and one Power Sweet Potato with water and put them in a steamer. Various studies had shown that eating three detoxifying green onions per meal maximizes efficiency.

“Chew them slowly and thoroughly.”

Gotaro began to feed Toda, cutting the fully cooked green onions and sweet potatoes into small pieces.

“Yes.”

Toda cautiously ate the onions and sweet potatoes.

“The sweet potato will help stimulate your bowel movements.”

“…Yes.”

Toda answered quietly, perhaps out of embarrassment. The effect of the Power Sweet Potato was so good that it made you go to the bathroom within 30 minutes of eating it. Since then, Toda always ate onions and sweet potatoes together.

And a few days later, when she visited the hospital for a regular checkup,

“This is a miracle! The patient’s cancer has completely disappeared!”

She was declared cured.

“What? Really?!”

Toda couldn’t believe the doctor’s words, as she had only eaten 30 detoxifying green onions so far. She wasn’t just getting better from stage 3 liver cancer, she was declared cured!

“Yes! Furthermore, all your liver function tests are above average.”

Toda, just in case, went to other hospitals, but all of them reported no signs of cancer cells.

Afterwards, a doctor who had heard of Toda’s case announced research results that the Power Sweet Potato enhanced the effect of the detoxifying green onions by five times, and similar cases started to be reported from other hospitals.

It was a incredible effect. It meant that if you had the Power Sweet Potato, you could cure liver cancer with just 20 detoxifying green onions.

Hunters who bought Power Sweet Potatoes for strength increases were flooded with requests to buy their sweet potatoes, and other hunters were just waiting for the next auction where they could buy Pwoer Sweet Potatoes.

***

“Ah! Let me introduce you to my apprentice, ChuChu!”

Iona, who was talking to Sejun, called her apprentice.

ChuChu!

At the call of her master, the white rabbit came running, followed by the black rabbit. The two didn’t seem to have become particularly close.

‘Did the conversation not go well?’

“Sejun, this is ChuChu, the princess of the Red Ribbon Kingdom. ChuChu, say hello. This is the great black dragon, Park Sejun.”

Squeak!

At Iona’s words, ChuChu bowed.

“A princess?”

The social status of the white rabbit that the black rabbit had fallen in love with was higher than he thought. I should also make something that won’t make our black rabbit feel inferior?

“Let’s go to the farm for now.”

Sejun took the group back to the farm.

And,

Right arm of the Great Black Dragon?

Bodyguard of President Park?

Black Hammer Soldier?

Sejun was thinking about a social status for the black rabbit that would not be inferior to a princess while walking,

Squeeze.

The black rabbit and ChuChu were holding hands and following them.

*****

Chapter 83: Introducing the Taste of Honey

*****

For extra chapters, you can read them on my Patreon at https://www.patreon.com/HangukTranslations.

Join our Discord for announcements or to report any mistakes.

https://discord.gg/Z2Z6TdQk4g