Chapter 86
TL: Hanguk
A few hours ago.

Kaiser raised his voice while explaining the duties of a tower administrator to Aileen, whose capabilities had expanded due to the growth of the Dragon Heart. Aileen, in return, blocked him once more.

And,

“Aileen~!”

Kaiser was making an earnest effort to communicate with Aileen, but she remained silent. There was only one way left for him.

‘I’ll have to ask Park Sejun for a favor.’

Kaiser decided to look for Sejun in order to ask him for a favor. If he could fulfill Sejun’s request, Sejun would help him communicate with Aileen again, even without being asked to do so.

‘Oh, there he is.’

From his spot above the fountain, Kaiser quickly spotted Sejun when he looked down on the ground.

At that moment,

‘Wait, what is this energy?!’

He felt another life form inside the goblin beside Sejun. He didn’t know where they’d come into contact, but it was a parasitic life form. Furthermore, he could feel the energy of the tribe that Kaiser despised the most from within the parasite.

‘How dare they! Where do they think this is?!’

In his anger, he forgot about getting a favor from Sejun and used the magical power he had stored in the black dragon statue to instantly obliterate the creature.

If he sloppily killed the host, the parasite inside could move to another nearby host, which could endanger Sejun.

As a result, all the magical power in the black dragon statue was exhausted, and now he would have to recharge it in order to fulfill Sejun’s request.

Although It could be easily solved if he just asked Sejun, but his pride as the great black dragon and the master of Pritani family wouldn’t allow it.

“Damn it!!!”

“Father, what’s the matter?”

When Kaiser started to get angry, Anton, who was beside him, asked.

“I just detected the energy of those white bastards on the 99th floor of the tower.”

“What? Why is the energy of the white dragon there?”

“They must have found the location of the black tower.”

“Do you think they’re trying to loot it?”

“They must be taking it lightly because they know the administrator of the black tower is Aileen! How dare they belittle our granddaughter!!!”

Kaiser growled angrily. However, there was nothing he could do in the current situation.

All he could do was hope for Aileen to grow quickly and fulfill her duties as the tower administrator.

“Aileen~!”

Kaiser called out to Aileen once more.

***

“Ugh!”

“Meow?! What is this foul smell, meow?!”

“Kyoot- The stench is too strong.”

Squeak!

Kreung!

Pi Ppi!

Sejun and the animals covered their noses from the foul odor coming from the void prison.

Pi Ppi!

ChuChu quickly used wind magic to remove the smell inside the void Prison. Thanks to that, the horrendous stench became much lighter.

“Shall we go in now?”

“Are we really going in, meow?”

Squeak?

Kreung?

While Sejun could tolerate the smell, but for the animals, the smell was still too strong, they found it unbearable just being near.

In the end, only Sejun and Theo entered the Void Prison. Theo chose to bury his nose in Sejun’s knee and hold his breath as much as possible, instead of jumping off.

‘I will guard Chairman Park’s knee, meow!’

Theo was not one to be defeated by a mere stench.

Inside the prison was a 2m cuboid-shaped room without any light. Before Sejun entered, ChuChu used magic to illuminate a sphere of light inside the prison.

“It’s because of this thing that it smells.”

As soon as Sejun entered, he frowned at the waste that had hardened on the floor. This was the source of the foul smell.

‘It’s filthy.’

He wanted to immediately fetch water from outside and start cleaning, but he had to check what was inside the prison.

Due to the small size of the prison, he quickly found out what was inside. Something was hanging from the corner of the prison ceiling, covering its body with wings. And a name was visible above it.

[Golden Bat]

A bat the size of a fist was hanging from the corner of the prison ceiling, with thin chains tied to its legs.

“Golden Bat?”

Sejun looked puzzled at the name. There was no golden color to suggest a ‘Golden Bat.’ It just looked skinny.

As Sejun carefully approached, the Golden Bat nervously spread its wings and opened its eyes.

(…?!)

The Golden Bat, who locked eyes with Sejun, was taken aback that someone other than its master Skaram was looking at it.

And then,

(Are you my new master?)

A voice came into Sejun’s head, like telepathy, speaking directly into his mind.

“Master? Are you the one speaking?”

Sejun asked, looking at the Golden Bat.

-Yes.

The Golden Bat trembled as it answered. It was too frightened, not knowing what kind of being its new master was.

“Golden Bat, this won’t do. First, let’s clean here.”

(…Yes?)

The new master didn’t issue any orders to it, but fetched water from outside and started cleaning the prison along with a black rabbit and a bear cub. The animals covered their noses with leaves as they entered, probably because the smell was too strong.

‘Does it really smell that bad?’

Sniff sniff.

The Golden Bat smelled its body. But having been in the prison for a long time, its sense of smell was already numb, and it didn’t know how much it stank.

Then,

“You need to wash, too.”

Sejun brought a bowl of warm water and said.

(Okay.)

The Golden Bat began to wash itself immediately upon its master’s order, and looking at the water gradually turning black, it realized how dirty it had become.

But it took a long time to wash its tiny body.

“This won’t do. Just get in.”

Sejun, who had been watching from the side, felt frustrated and grabbed the Golden Bat with wooden tongs.

Swish.

He gently dipped the Golden Bat into the water, so as not to scare it. He couldn’t bear to touch it with his bare hands because it was too dirty.

Splash splash.

When the Golden Bat’s body was immersed in warm water, it unknowingly let out a pleasant cry due to the comfort it was experiencing for the first time in its life. It was the first time it realized it could make such a sound. It was a sound it had forgotten.

As the Golden Bat washed itself, the water turned completely black.

(Is this filth from my body?)

The Golden Bat felt very ashamed as such dirty water came out of its body.

“Let’s change the water now.”

Fortunately, Sejun quickly changed the water. However, the water turned black again. It was only after Sejun replaced the water ten times that the color of the water did not change.

“Phew. It’s done. Golden Bat, you should take a break too.”

(Yes.)

As Sejun was about to leave after finishing cleaning the prison,

Growl.

A sound came from the Golden Bat’s stomach. Looking around, there was nothing to eat in the prison.

“Hungry? Just a moment.”

Sejun came out of the void prison and brought a bowl of SeP’s soup.

“Try eating it.”

(Yes. Thank you.)

Slurp. Slurp.

“and then, rest.”

Sejun left the Golden Bat eating soup and went out with the animals. The void prison door was left open for ventilation.

A moment later,

(Hehehe. It’s delicious. This new master is a good master.)

The Golden Bat, left alone, ate the soup to its heart’s content and talked to itself.

(I need to work hard for my master!)

The Golden Bat disappeared.

One minute later.

Flap. Flap.

The Golden Bat reappeared, holding a golden tumbler in its legs.

(Phew. It’s tiring. I’ve brought such a large and shiny thing, the master will be pleased, right?)

Growl.

With the thought of being praised by Sejun, the exhausted Golden Bat hung from the ceiling and fell into a pleasant sleep.

***

Sniff. Sniff.

The animals that came out of the void prison smelled the stench on their bodies. The same went for Sejun, who smelled his clothes.

“It seems like the smell has soaked in.”

The stench kept coming from his body.

“This won’t do. Let’s go to the fountain and wash up.”

The fountain was enchanted with purification magic, so even if they washed there, the water was quickly purified.

Squeak!

Grrr!

At Sejun’s words, the Black Rabbit and Cuengi, who wanted to get rid of the stench quickly, ran to the fountain.

And when Sejun arrived at the fountain,

“I disagree, meow! I can get rid of the smell with my grooming, meow! I will groom you too, President Park! Don’t go in the water, meow!”

Theo clung to Sejun’s knee, refusing to bathe.

However,

“No. I refuse your refusal.”

Sejun, who didn’t want to be washed by Theo’s saliva, put Theo on his knee and dipped his body into the water.

“Meooow!”

Splash.

Theo climbed up Sejun’s body and clung to his face. Thanks to this, Sejun ended up smelling the stench from Theo’s fur directly.

“Hey… get off. You smell.”

Sejun grabbed Theo by the scruff of the neck. Then he started to slowly dip Theo into the water.

“Woow, Meow!!!”

Theo, who didn’t want to get wet, shook his body to resist, but

Splish. Splash.

All that did was make him wetter. In the end, Theo was completely soaked.

“Hahaha. President Theo, you were all fur, weren’t you?”

Shrink.

Looking at Theo, whose fluffy fur had disappeared when soaked in water, Sejun laughed.

“Don’t laugh, meow! This is all President Park’s fault, meow! And they’re all fur too, meow!”

Theo pointed at the Black Rabbit and Cuengi at Sejun’s laughter.

Squeak!!

Kreung!!

The Black Rabbit and Cuengi, angry at Theo for dragging them into his situation, approached him.

“Meow? Guys, let’s talk about this, meow.”

Theo quickly tried to negotiate, but

Grab.

Theo was grabbed by the scruff of his neck by Cuengi and dragged away.

A moment later.

“Puhuhut. I’ll show you my swimming skills, meow!”

Squeak!

Kreung!

The three who were in the same situation quickly reconciled and began to enjoy playing in the water. The stench naturally disappeared while they were playing.

And then,

“Let’s go!”

The last part of their water play was the water slide. They sat holding hands and slid down the canal with their bodies.

Swish.

Their bodies rotated as they split the water, adding more thrill than before.

“Hehehe. This is fun.”

“Puhuhut. As expected, I am the strongest in water too, meow!”

Squeak!

Kreung!

Sejun and the animals who reached the end of the canal laughed joyfully.

And then,

“Grrrrr.”

Shlurp slurp.

They roughly shook off the water and climbed onto a pile of hay to start sleeping. Indeed, the sleep after playing in the water was very sweet.

That’s when,

“If you sleep like this, you’ll catch a cold.”

Iona approached and dried Sejun and the animals with a drying spell. She dried Theo’s tail meticulously several times. Iona, who had dried their fur well.

“Kyoot Kyoot Kyoot.”

She naturally climbed onto Sejun’s lap, humming, and used Theo’s tail, who was fast asleep on Sejun’s lap, as a blanket and fell asleep. She was lucky to have a chance to sleep soundly until night.

It was after a while that ChuChu came to wake up Sejun and the animals. It was dinner time.

Squeak!

To prevent any troubles, she woke up her master first and then the others.

“Hmm…”

Sejun and the animals who woke up moved to the house and had dinner.

“Ah, I’m full. Shall we take a walk?”

When Sejun, who had eaten dinner, was about to stand up and take a light walk around the farm to help with digestion,

“Huh?!”

He felt a hot energy from his pocket.

“What’s this?”

Sejun put his hand in his pocket and pulled out a white seed that felt hot.

[Purified Enhanced Ent’s Seed]

→ You have purified the corrupted Ent’s seed that absorbed the energy of the Blue Moon.

→ The seed has been enhanced by the energy of the Blue Moon.

→ The corrupted energy has been purified, increasing resistance against corruption.

→ Upon consumption, all stats permanently increase by 15.

→ If you plant it in the ground, the seed will sprout and grow into a powerful Purified Ent.

→ Expiration date: 100 years

→ Grade: A+

“So the purification is finished.”

Sejun said, looking at the white seed.

“Where should I plant it?”

It was unclear how big the Purified Ent would grow.

“Let’s just assume the size we saw last time.”

Sejun thought that the Ent’s seed could grow as big as the corrupted Ent that had absorbed the energy of the Blue Moon, and decided to plant the Ent’s seed in a very large open space.

Thunk.

Sejun dug the ground with his dagger and planted the seed.

[You have planted the Purified Enhanced Ent’s Seed.]

[Your Job Experience increases significantly.]

[Your proficiency of Seed Sowing skill Lv. 4 increases significantly.]

[Due to the effect of Proficiency Increase Lv. 1, your proficiency in Seed Sowing Lv. 4 increases by an additional 5%.]

[Your proficiency in Seed Sowing skill Lv. 4 is filled, and the level increases.]

And then,

Tap. Tap.

While Sejun was tapping the ground where he had planted the seed,

[The Purified Enhanced Ent’s Seed grows rapidly using its inherent power.]

Crack.

The Enhanced Seed of the Purified Ent instantly sprouted and started to break through the ground.

*****

Chapter 86: Planting the Seed of an Ent

*****

For extra chapters, you can read them on my Patreon at https://www.patreon.com/HangukTranslations.

Join our Discord for announcements or to report any mistakes.

https://discord.gg/Z2Z6TdQk4g