Chapter 89
TL: Hanguk

67th floor of the tower.

The bodies of most Red Locusts had turned purple. Their numbers were close to 7 billion, on the verge of evolving into Purple Locusts.

The Sturdy Blade Onion Leaves wilted after killing a few of the Red Locusts due to their increased toxicity.

And the locusts were freely flying towards the Lizardmen’s stronghold.

“Don’t back down! Stop the enemies!”

Lizardman Grand Warrior Tamuro shouted at his soldiers, seeing the purple wave covering the sky.

However, the enemy’s poison was a problem.

“Ugh… Save me.”

Soldiers were dying from poisoning, just by being splattered with blood.

“Do not confront them directly! Attack them with bows or magic!”

However, it was impossible to block nearly 7 billion with only ranged attacks. The Red Locusts began attacking the archers and magicians.

Then,

Awoo!

The Silver Wolves, who had been resting in the rear, stepped forward to protect the archers and magicians. They had detoxifying green onions provided by Sejun in case of an emergency.

Thanks to them, the Grand Warrior Tamuro, who now had a breather, requested reinforcements after informing them of the situation.

***

The first to initiate the attack was Cuengi. Cuengi no longer needed to hold back his strength for his father’s sake, went all out.

And then,

Kueong!

Cuengi began to enlarge the Enhanced Branch of the Corrupted Ent, infusing it with magic.

Kueong.

The branch absorbed magic and grew massively.

Kueong!!!

Cuengi swung the branch that had grown to 20m in an instant with all his might.

Boooom. Kwaang!

A massive shockwave radiated from Cuengi, obliterating everything in a 50m radius in a fan shape.

[Guard Cuengi has killed the Sticky Flower Attacker.]

[You’ve gained 600 experience points, 50% of the experience points earned by Guard Cuengi.]

…

..

.

[You’ve leveled up.]

[You’ve gained 1 bonus stat.]

“Wow.”

Sejun leveled up with just one attack from Cuengi.

And then,

“Meoow! Do not block President Theo’s way, meow!”

Squeak!

Squeak!

Theo, Black Rabbit, and ChuChu scattered in different directions, killing monsters where Cuengi’s attack didn’t reach.

[Guard Theo has killed the Poisonous Fog Flower Attacker.]

[You’ve gained 750 experience points, 50% of the experience points earned by Guard Theo.]

…

..

.

[You’ve leveled up.]

[You’ve gained 1 bonus stat.]

Thanks to them, Sejun leveled up once again.

Then,

“Kyoot! Power of magic! Obey my command and destroy the enemy! Ray of Destruction!”

Iona, holding the Staff of Disaster, used magic. Iona seemed to be overflowing with energy, perhaps because she had a good sleep.

Ziiing.

A red beam with a diameter of about 1m was shot from the black gem at the end of the staff, heading towards the center of the western forest.

A moment later,

Booooom!

With a huge explosion, a part of the center of the western forest disappeared. It wasn’t for nothing that she was called a destructive wizard.

[Guard Iona has defeated the corrupted young Ent.]

[You’ve gained 5000 experience points, 50% of the experience points earned by Guard Iona.]

…

..

.

[You have leveled up.]

[You have gained 1 bonus stat.]

[You have leveled up.]

[You have gained 1 bonus stat.]

[You have leveled up.]

[You have gained 1 bonus stat.]

“Wow…”

His mouth fell open involuntarily. With one magic attack, he had leveled up three times in a row and reached level 37.

But

“Iona, leave the bodies. The Ents need to eat.”

Sejun had to restrain Iona. All the bodies of the corrupted Ents had disappeared due to the recent attack.

“Kyoot Kyoot Kyoot . Yes, Mr. Sejun.”

Iona responded and prepared another magic spell.

“Oh, power of ice. At my command…”

As Sejun was telling Cuengi that it should also leave the bodies behind while watching Iona chanting a spell,

“Avalanche!”

Iona used magic.

Suddenly, the temperature dropped and the sky darkened.

“Uh. Why is it suddenly so cold?”

Sejun climbed onto Cuengi’s warm back and looked at the darkened sky.

“Uh?! What are all those?”

Thousands of giant ice spears hanging in the sky fell towards the center of the western forest. And the forest was trapped in ice.

[Guard Iona has defeated the corrupted Ents.]

[You’ve gained 15000 experience points, 50% of the experience points earned by Guard Iona.]

…

..

.

[You have leveled up.]

[You have gained 1 bonus stat.]

[You have leveled up.]

[You have gained 1 bonus stat.]

Iona, who was told not to obliterate, decided to freeze instead.

The corrupted Ents of the western forest couldn’t get out because of the ice wall and thanks to that, the animals only had to clean up the remaining monsters.

During this process, Sejun leveled up once more, reaching level 40.

And then,

[A quest has been generated.]

[Job Quest: Secure 5 colleagues to help with farming.]

→ Reward: Level 41 unlocked, 5000 Tower Coins, Job Skill – Farmer’s Touch Lv. 1

He completed the job quest as soon as he received it. Sejun already had white rabbits helping him with farming.

[You have completed the quest.]

[Level 41 is unlocked as a quest completion reward.]

[You have received 5000 Tower Coins as a quest completion reward.]

[The level of your job skill increases as a reward for exceeding the quest.]

[You have obtained the Job Skill – Farmer’s Touch Lv. 2 as a quest completion reward.]

“Farmer’s Touch?”

It was his first time receiving a job skill through a job quest. Sejun hurriedly checked the skill.

[Farmer’s Touch Lv. 2]

→ The growth of plants touched by the farmer’s hand speeds up slightly.

“It’s vague.”

It speeds up a bit? He felt he had to try it to know.

“Should I raise my stats a bit?”

Sejun began to invest in magic power with the 8 bonus stats accumulated through level-ups.

Just as he had raised his magic power by two,

[Your Magic Power has surpassed 30.]

[The seal of Rain Thunder Lv. 1 <Rainfall> has been released.]

Finally, the seal of <Rainfall> was released. However, fountain and canals had already been constructed, making it easy to supply water to crops. So, the news didn’t give him much excitement.

Sejun invested the remaining 6 bonus stats all in magic power. What Sejun was aiming for was <Throw Thunder> skill, which would unlock at magic power 50¹.

“Hehehe. If I could throw some thunder, I’ll become a bit stronger, right?”

He wanted to escape from being the weakest on the 99th floor of the tower.

Thud. Thud.

The Ent, which had been following him, eating trees, approached Sejun. Perhaps because it had eaten a lot of trees, the Ent’s head now reached Sejun’s waist.

On the Ent’s head were two white seeds. Each time a seed was formed, the number of seeds on the Ent’s head seemed to increase.

“Oh! Good job!”

Tap. Tap.

As Sejun plucked the two seeds from the Ent’s head,

[Farmer’s Touch Lv. 2 is activated.]

[While your hand is in contact, the growth of the Powerful Purified Ent accelerates slightly.]

As soon as Sejun’s hand touched the Ent’s body, the skill Farmer’s Touch activated. This skill activated whenever he touched a plant, and the Ent was a plant.

“Ah. So this is how it’s used.”

Sejun realized how to use the skill.

And he immediately planted the two newly acquired seeds of the Purified Ent in the ground.

Pop. Pop.

The seeds grew quickly, and two Purified Ents were born from the ground.

And then,

Munch munch.

The newly born Ents, number 3 and 4, began to eat trees, following Ent number 1.

“I have nothing to do. Should I just touch them for a while?”

While Sejun was contemplating what to do with the Ents,

Kuoeng!

Cuengi came up to him with a bowl for honey. It was already lunchtime.

“Just a moment.”

Sejun took out the honey he had stored in his pocket dimension, and Cuengi politely extended his honey bowl with both hands.

Click.

Sejun opened the lid of the glass honey jar and

Glug, glug, glug.

After pouring three dollops into the bowl, it was filled to the brim.

“Take some time to eat.”

Kueong!

Slurp. Slurp.

While Cuengi was busily eating honey next to Sejun, he took out food for the other animals from the void prison storage.

Piranhas, peanuts, carrots.

“I’m hungry, meow!”

“Me too.”

Squeak…

Squeak Squeak…

As Sejun took out food from the void prison storage, the animals who had dealt with the nearby monsters returned.

“ChuChu. Could you make a fire for us?”

Squeak!

At Sejun’s request, ChuChu used magic to gather the wood and start a fire.

“Thanks. Here you go.”

Sejun handed the rabbits some carrots. The rabbits were perfectly satisfied with just the carrots.

Crunch. Crunch.

While the black rabbit and ChuChu were enjoying their carrots, Sejun roasted some fish on the fire made by ChuChu, while shelling peanuts from their hulls.

Then, he started roasting about 100 peanuts in a pot. It was roasted peanuts to be given to Iona, who performed the best today.

Sizzle.

As Sejun constantly stirred the peanuts with a wooden spatula to prevent them from burning,

Crackle.

The sound was made and the savory smell of peanuts began to fill the air.

“Kyoot Kyoot Kyoot.”

Iona couldn’t hide her smile as she smelled the savory peanuts.

As the smell and color of the peanuts deepened, Sejun started to cool the pot by placing it on the ground.

“Gulp. Can I eat it now?”

Iona, swallowing her saliva, couldn’t help but ask.

“Yes, but it’s hot, so eat it slowly.”

“Kyoot Kyoot Kyoot. Okay! Wind.”

Iona cooled down the peanuts quickly with a wind magic and began to eat. In the meantime, he shared the grilled fish, nicely browned, with Theo who was on his lap.

“It’s quite spacious here.”

As Sejun looked around while eating the grilled fish, When all the monsters were wiped out, it looked more like an open field than a forest.

Plus,

Swish.

“The soil is good too.”

Sejun touched the soil and said,

“I want to plow this field.”

He felt greedy. But right now, he couldn’t even fully manage the land he had. Sejun decided to wait for later.

“Kyoot Kyoot Kyoot. I’m full.”

Iona patted her bloated stomach and climbed onto Sejun’s lap.

“Where are you climbing, meow!”

“kyoo-I do what I want!”

Iona was offended by Theo’s response and got angry.

“So do I!”

Despite seeing Iona’s terrifying magic just moments ago, Theo was not scared.

‘Hehehe. With Sejun, I am invincible, meow! Plus, I am now President Theo right now, meow!’

Although It was a strange logic, it gave Theo confidence. And the one who had trouble because of it was Sejun.

“Guys…”

If they started to fight here, he would be in serious danger.

“Ah! Iona, can you look at this void prison? Can it be upgraded?”

Sejun quickly diverted Iona’s attention.

“Kyoot Kyoot Kyoot. I’ll try!”

When the great black dragon asked her for a magical request, Iona was moved and went inside the void prison to inspect the inside.

“Kyoot Kyoot Kyoot. This is an old version using triple layered magic. I think I can improve it!”

Iona analyzed the magic system of the void prison and spoke with a confident voice.

“I’ll close the prison door for a while.”

Creak.

Iona closed the door of the void prison and began to upgrade it.

“That was a close one.”

Sejun felt relieved. Fortunately, he was able to prevent a fight and even upgrade the void prison.

“Theo, get along with Iona.”

“I understand, meow. Since President Park says so, I’ll give in a bit, meow.”

When Sejun was pacifying Theo by stroking his stomach,

[The Tower Administrator reports that a green alarm has appeared.]

Aileen reported to Sejun that a green alarm had appeared.

“A green alarm?”

[The Tower’s Administrator appoints you as the Tower’s Mid-level Administrator to prevent the extinction of the Jewel Frog in the 67th floor swamp of the tower.]

“The 67th floor of the tower?”

[You will be moved to the swamp of Navia on the 67th floor of the tower in 30 seconds.]

[You can bring your subordinates with you.]

[Please designate who will go with you.]

Sejun hurriedly selected Theo, Black Rabbit, Cuengi, and ChuChu, who were in front of him.

[Subordinate designation is complete.]

Fortunately, thanks to the growth of Aileen’s dragon heart, he was able to designate all four.

“Huh? What about Iona?”

Just when Sejun was about to open the void prison in a hurry,

[You are being moved to the Navia Swamp on the 67th floor of the tower.]

[You cannot move more than 100m away from Navia Swamp.]

Sejun and the animals disappeared.

And

Munch Munch.

Only the Ents were left in the western forest, busily eating the trees.

Thud.

They were the Ents who have been picking seeds from each other’s heads, since there was no other Ent to pick seeds for them unit now, they had previously asked Sejun to pick them.

Crunch.

New Ents sprouted in the western forest.

*****

Chapter 89: Power Leveling
*****

TL Notes:

1) Previously, it was mentioned that the MP required to unlock <Throw Thunder> Skill was 70, but in this chapter, the author changed it to 50 MP without providing any explanation.

*****

For extra chapters, you can read them on my Patreon at https://www.patreon.com/HangukTranslations.

Join our Discord for announcements or to report any mistakes.

https://discord.gg/Z2Z6TdQk4g