Chapter 92
TL: Hanguk

“This is Iona, meow!”

Theo introduced Iona to the jewel frogs.

Ribbit. Ribbit.

The jewel frogs began to greet Iona, surrounding her.

And then,

‘Everything is going according to plan, meow!’

Having separated Iona from Sejun, Theo leisurely returned to where Sejun was.

Then

Zing.

“Meow?”

Theo felt that something was attracting his front paw. It was another opportunity to be praised by Sejun.

“Where, meow?!”

Theo quickly followed the attracting pull on his paw.

However, the place Theo arrived at, following the pull, was a dead-end.

“What, meow?”

Theo was briefly confused, but decided to trust his paw and started to dig through the wall. The pull was telling him that the distance to the target was not far.

Clack.

When Theo took out his claw and stretched out his front paw to dig at the wall,

Swish.

Theo’s front paw passed right through the wall.

“What, meow?”

Theo carefully put his front paw in and out, confirming there was no problem, then walked towards the wall. It was an illusion magic so sophisticated that even though he knew, he was still confused.

Beyond the wall, a massive white temple appeared. As Theo followed the pull of his front paw and went straight into the temple, there was a massive frog statue in the center of the temple.

And then,

“Over there, meow!”

Theo could see what was attracting his front paw. It was a rainbow-colored gem embedded in the forehead of the giant frog statue.

Theo quickly climbed onto the forehead of the giant frog statue and,

Pop.

Pulled out the rainbow-colored gem.

“Puhuhut. I’m indeed lucky, meow!”

As Theo was putting the gem he had picked up in his bag,

Crack.

The giant frog statue began to crumble like sand.

“Meow?!”

Theo intuitively realized that he had caused some big trouble.

“I’m running away, meow!”

Theo hurriedly left the temple and ran away to Sejun. He did not show the gem to Sejun immediately.

‘Being too eager isn’t good, meow!’

Theo instinctively understood the principle of give and take. It wasn’t time to bring out the gem yet.

As such, Theo, who had been waiting for his opportunity, realized that the moment to bring out the gem had arrived when he saw Iona being praised by Sejun.

“President Park, I’ve picked up something amazing, meow!”

Theo took out the rainbow-colored gem from his bag and ran to Sejun.

‘With this, I’ll defeat Iona, meow!’

He planned to solidify his position with the gem.

Then,

-Is it you? Who disturbed my sleep?!

A furious voice echoed in Theo’s mind.

“Who, meow?”

-I am Gaeron, the god of the jewel frogs. Pay the price for ruining my work!

The rainbow-colored gem began to glow.

“Meow! President Park! Help me, meow!”

Theo, feeling the strength draining from his body, called Sejun urgently.

***

[Purple Locusts are being stored frozen.]

[Purple Locusts are going into hibernation.]

[If the Purple Locusts are not taken out within 10 hours, they will freeze to death.]

…

..

.

[50% of the space is filled.]

…

..

.

About 50,000 Purple Locusts were stored frozen, filling up half of the void storage space.

“It’s convenient.”

Sejun commented as he watched the frozen Purple Locusts trapped in ice cubes.

Looking at the ice cubes stacked neatly, filling up half of the warehouse without an inch of error, he naturally felt relieved.

“Then, Iona, is there…”

Sejun was about to ask Iona if there were other functions in the void storage when,

“Meow! President Park! Help me, meow!”

Sejun quickly turned his head at the sound of Theo’s frightened voice calling him.

And then,

Thud.

He found Theo falling.

“Theo!”

Sejun hurried towards Theo. He felt an enormous and inapproachable awe emanating from the gem, but Sejun reached out towards Theo with a single-minded intention to save him.

-How dare you interfere with my business, the god of Jewel Frogs, Gaeron?!

The rainbow-colored gem began to shine even brighter, trying to suck in Sejun as well.

However, the black energy emanating from Sejun’s body began to push back the light of the gem.

And then,

[Detected a race god who illegally entered the Black Tower.]

[Analysis result: God of Jewel Frogs, Gaeron.]

[You have the authority as the Mid-level administrator to expel the God of Jewel Frogs, Gaeron.]

[Would you like to expel the God of Jewel Frogs, Gaeron?]

A message appeared.

***

– Ugh! Why is there the aura of the Black Dragon here?!

Gaeron was surprised by the black energy emanating from Sejun.

“Puhuhut. That’s why you shouldn’t have messed with me, the subordinate of the great Black Dragon, the deadly yellow cat, Theo Park, meow?!”

Theo’s soul, absorbed into the gem, spoke defiantly to the massive frog, his hand on his waist. He was far too confident for someone who had stolen the gem.

– What?! You…No! You’re a subordinate of the great Black Dragon?!

Gaeron tone changed at Theo’s words, he was flustered. Technically speaking, his presence here was wrong in itself.

Now that he was caught, he needed to obtain the permission of the great Black Dragon to stay in the tower, but who knew that the cat he messed with was a subordinate of the great Black Dragon!

“That’s right, meow! And if you mess with me, President Park will punish you, meow! You’re in big trouble now, meow!”

Theo spoke triumphantly as if his big brother had arrived while he was fighting with a friend.

-Ugh…

Gaeron was scared. But it wasn’t Theo’s threat that scared him.

The tower forbids race gods from entering. Gaeron had broken that rule.

-If I get expelled here…

It meant annihilation. Because the world where Gaeron originally belonged had already disappeared.

Then,

“Puhuhut. Do you want to live, meow?”

Theo asked with a malicious grin.

-Yes!

Gaeron vehemently nodded and shouted. To Gaeron, Theo’s voice sounded like salvation.

“Then, there is a way, meow!”

-What…What is it?!

“Stamp your foot here, meow!”

Theo said as he pulled out a contract. Being a soul, he was able to create whatever he imagined.

-That is?!

Gaeron was taken aback by the contract Theo produced. Unbeknownst to Theo, what he proposed was a soul-to-soul contract, an agreement that could not be broken even in death.

“You don’t want to, meow?! Then there’s nothing I can do, meow. It was nice meeting you, let’s never meet again, meow.”

Theo cheerfully waved his paw at Gaeron, saying farewell.

-No…No! I will stamp it!

Even so, it was better to live this way than to be expelled from the tower and face extinction. Gaeron didn’t want to disappear.

Squish.

A giant frog footprint and Theo’s small paw print, which was barely visible in comparison, were stamped side by side on the contract.

***
“Iona, do you know what a race god is?”

“Of course! A race god is…”

Thinking that Sejun was assessing her knowledge, Iona began to explain enthusiastically. Thanks to her, Sejun learned a lot about race gods.

“A god that protects only one race… what should I do?”

In fact, he didn’t ponder for long. How dare you try to harm our Theo?! Seeing that Theo was still breathing, Sejun thought he had fainted.

As Sejun was about to expel Gaeron,

[Gaeron, the God of the Jewel Frog, has entered into a soul contract with subordinate 1.]

[If Gaeron, God of the Jewel Frog loses its divinity, he will revert to his previous name, Bug Hunter Gaeron.]

[Bug Hunter Gaeron becomes the slave of Subordinate 1.]

“Huh?!”

Subordinate 1 was Theo.

Thump.

“Meow! President Park! Thanks for coming to save me, meow!”

While Sejun was trying to understand the situation, Theo, who regained his senses, clung to Sejun’s knee and thanked him while rubbing his forehead against Sejun’s leg. Around Theo’s neck was a necklace with a rainbow-colored gem in the shape of a frog.

“President Theo, are you okay?”

Sejun asked while examining Theo’s body.

“Yes, meow! President Park, just trust me and leave everything to me, meow!”

Feeling good under Sejun’s touch, Theo shouted with a confident voice.

And then,

“Just wait for a moment, meow!”

Theo ran outside. Sejun had praised Iona for her freeze storage function, but Theo thought it was for defeating the Purple Locust.

“Hey! Where are you going?”

“Now, I’ll defeat all of President Park’s enemies, meow!”

“What?!”

Something felt ominous. Very ominous. It was clear that the silly cat had misunderstood something.

“Get out of my way, meow!”

In the meantime, Theo went outside, defeating the incoming Purple Locusts.

“Hey! Wait!”

Sejun hurriedly called out to Theo and followed him.

And as Sejun followed Theo through the rock crevices,

“Gaeron, come out, meow!”

As Theo called, the frog-shaped rainbow-colored jewel on his necklace started to glow.

“Huh?! President Park is out too, meow? Let’s go together, meow!”

Upon discovering Sejun, Theo moved to where Sejun was,

Swoosh.

Centered around Theo’s feet, the ground transformed into a black swamp, and something began to rise. It was a giant frog with rainbow stripes, over 20m in size.

“A frog?”

“It’s my slave, Gaeron, meow!”

Theo answered proudly.

Flap, flap

In the meantime, all the nearby Purple Locusts started to gather.

“Gaeron! Destroy President Park’s enemies, meow!”

snap.

At Theo’s command, Gaeron lashed out his huge tongue, and it moved freely like a whip, quickly gobbling up about 10,000 Purple Locusts.

It was as if there was some sticky substance on Gaeron’s tongue, the Purple Locusts stuck to it couldn’t escape.

Gulp.

Gaeron swallowed 10,000 Purple Locusts in one gulp. Then, Gaeron’s body grew even larger.

snap.

Meanwhile, Gaeron stuck out his tongue again to hunt Purple Locusts. Gaeron grew larger every time he ate Purple Locusts.

“Wow. Impressive.”

Sejun said as he looked at Gaeron, who had grown to a size of 30m.

“Phuhuhut. How about that?! From now on, I’ll defeat all of President Park’s enemies, meow!”

Theo boasted confidently.

However,

“Do you find it funny?”

Sejun’s comment wasn’t a compliment.

“Meow?”

[Guard Theo’s slave, Bug Hunter Gaeron, has slain 200,000 Purple Locusts at once.]

[Guard Theo gains 90% of the experience gained by Slave Bug Hunter Gaeron.]

[Guard Theo has gained 5 million experience, which is 50% of the total experience gained.]

[Level-up limit is in effect.]

[You cannot gain indirect experience.]

Sejun said as he read the messages. His experience points were leaking out like water from a leaking bucket.

“My experience points…”

“President Park, why does your face look so sour, meow? Do you want me to take care of it, meow?”

While Theo, unaware of Sejun’s feelings, was tapping Sejun’s face with his paw,

Flap flap

From a distance, a giant purple wave was approaching. Gaeron’s huge body was clearly visible from afar, and all the Purple Locusts at the waypoint flew towards Gaeron.

“Hey! Send him back quickly!”

“Got it, meow! Gaeron, come back, meow!”

At Theo’s command, Gaeron started sinking back into the black swamp.

And as soon as Gaeron had completely sunk,

“President Theo, plant them quickly!”

“Understood, meow!”

Thump. thump.

Sejun and Theo hurriedly planted sturdy blade green onions at the entrance and around it from the void storage, and quickly entered the crevice between the rocks, where the jewel frogs resided.

As soon as Sejun and Theo entered the cave,

Flap flap

The Purple Locusts swarmed towards the sturdy blade green onions.

Then,

Thud.

The Purple Locusts fell after eating the green onions. Similar occurrences began to occur in multiple places.

And near the fallen Purple Locusts, there were detoxifying green onions. They were the ones Theo had planted in a hurry without even looking.

When the detoxifying green onion neutralized the poison of the Purple Locusts, the Purple Locusts died as if they had been poisoned.

*****

Chapter 92: Stamp Your Foot Print Here, Meow!
*****

For extra chapters, you can read them on my Patreon at https://www.patreon.com/HangukTranslations.

Join our Discord for announcements or to report any mistakes.

https://discord.gg/Z2Z6TdQk4g