Chapter 93
TL: Hanguk

Floor 67 of the Tower.

“Whew.”

“We survived.”

Thump.

When the Purple Locusts suddenly stopped fighting and flew east, the soldiers, who were exhausted from hours of intense battle, started to rest.

Just then,

“Malkai!”

Elka, who had descended from Floor 99 of the Tower, called out to Malkai, who had been fighting the Purple Locusts with the soldiers on Floor 67.

“Chief Elka, it’s hectic here. What happened…”

“Malkai, we need to hurry to the Navia Swamp!”

“What? What are you talking about?!”

Malkai, who had been about to explain the situation on Floor 67, was taken aback by Elka’s words.

“Sejun is fighting with the Purple Locusts in the Navia Swamp.”

Elka had heard about Sejun’s situation from the Golden Bat, who had gone hunting with Sejun in the western forest.

“Sejun is?!”

Awoooo!

Elka quickly summoned the Silver Wolf Tribe’s wolves with a howl and went to find Tamuro, the Lizardman’s Great Warrior, who is the commander in charge here.

“What? You’re going to Navia Swamp?”

“Yes! We must go there.”

“Hmm…”

At Elka’s words, Tamuro fell into thought.

“I’ll go with you. I was wondering why the Purple Locusts had gone to Navia Swamp.”

Tamuro thought that he needed to scout Navia Swamp.

Thus, the Lizardman soldiers led by Tamuro and 120 wolves from the Silver Wolf Tribe headed towards the Navia Swamp.

***

After Sejun and Theo entered the cave,

[Your crops have exterminated pests.]

[You have gained 1 experience point.]

…

..

.

[Your sturdy blade green onion has withered due to the poison.]

Messages indicating that the sturdy blade green onions had exterminated purple locusts and gained experience points started to appear. Fortunately, he was able to gain the experience points from the ones exterminated by the green onions.

Clang.

Sejun opened the void storage, preparing for the incoming swarm of Purple Locusts. If the sturdy blade green onions withered, they would soon enter the cave.

“Guys! Gather around!”

He called the animals just in case.

“Yes!”

Squeak!

Kreong!

Pi Ppi!

The animals rushed over at Sejun’s call. And about 10 minutes passed.

[Your crop has exterminated pests.]

[You have gained 1 experience point.]

…

..

.

The experience gain messages kept appearing. Even as time passed, there were no purple locusts coming into the cave, indicating that sturdy blade green onions were still holding on.

[You have leveled up.]

[You have gained 1 bonus stat.]

After another 10 minutes, he even leveled up.

“Something’s strange?”

Sejun decided to go out and see for himself as the Purple Locusts didn’t come in even as he waited.

Kreong!

Thump Thump!

Unable to leave his weak father behind, Cuengi took the lead by clapping his two front paws together. Indeed, he is a dutiful son.

Following Cuengi, Sejun and the animals went outside, and,

“Huh?!”

In Sejun’s sight, the corpses of the purple locusts filled the surroundings.

And around the corpses, there were a few green onions that had not withered and were still holding on. Their appearance was very similar to that of the detoxifying green onion.

“What? I didn’t plant any detoxifying green onions.”

Sejun examined the green onions. The color was different from Sejun’s detoxifying green onion. If the detoxifying green onions were closer to a bright, light green color, the green onions in front of Sejun now were a much darker shade of green.

“I’m not sure.”

Sejun pulled out an onion to check it out directly when he couldn’t find an answer by examining the onions.

[You have harvested the detoxifying green onion that slaughtered the swarm of poisonous insects.]

[Your job experience increases slightly.]

[Your Harvesting Lv. 4 proficiency has increased slightly.]

[You have gained 30 experience points.]

“Detoxifying green onion that slaughtered the swarm of poisonous insects?”

It was indeed the detoxifying green onion.

Then,

[You’ve discovered a cultivation method that enhances the potency of crops by cultivating them on land with specific conditions.]

[Your job experience significantly increases.]

“Potency-enhancing cultivation method? What does that mean?”

Sejun hurriedly checked the option of the green onion.

[Detoxifying Green Onion that Slaughtered the Swarm of Poisonous Insects]

→ This is a detoxifying green onion that has detoxified the poison from the pests’ attacks and, in turn, slaughtered the pests.

→ The potency of the detoxifying green onion has been enhanced, and the grade has risen by one level.

→ When consumed, it detoxifies poisons of grade C+ or lower for 1 hour.

→ If a non-awakener consumes it, the liver’s detoxification function becomes more active for 24 hours.

→ Cultivator: Tower Farmer Park Sejun

→ Expiration date: 90 days

→ Grade: C

The potency of the detoxifying green onion that slaughtered the purple locust has improved, and the grade has risen to C. Furthermore, its detoxification ability is C+ grade.

“Oh!”

Sejun was amazed. It was the first time that the grade of crops had increased in this way.

‘Was it you?’

Sejun looked at Theo, wondering why the detoxifying green onion was planted here. After all, the one who planted the detoxifying green onion was either him or Theo. Since it wasn’t him, there was only one remaining suspect.

“Meow, meow, meow.”

Purr. Purr.

Theo, who was humming a song and purring hard to restore Sejun’s sour face, completely oblivious to his surroundings.

“Am I doing well, meow?!”

When his eyes met Sejun’s, Theo asked with a grin. Thanks to his efforts, President Park’s sour face was returning to its original state.

“Yes, President Theo, you’re doing well.”

“Pfuhuhut, I knew it, meow! Then give me Churu quickly, meow!”

“No.”

“Meow?! Why not, meow?!”

Theo was shocked by Sejun’s refusal. After all the purring he had done!

“I have to plant green onions.”

“Understood, meow! Then kind me will give in, meow! Plant the green onions and then give me Churu, meow!”

“Alright.”

Sejun replied to Theo’s words while looking at the experience gain messages that kept popping up.

“The detoxifying green onions are here, so where are they dying?”

There were no moving purple locusts in sight.

“Theo, do you hear anything?”

“Do you mean sounds? I can hear the sound of purple locusts over there!”

Theo pointed in one direction with his front paw.

“Over there?”

Sejun started walking in the direction Theo was pointing. All the way, there were countless bodies of Purple Locusts.

“What’s going on?”

No matter how he looked at it, it seemed like they had killed each other. And as he continued to walk, more bodies appeared that were severely damaged.

When he walked about 500m,

[You cannot go more than 100m away from the Navia Swamp.]

He arrived at a point more than 100m away from the Navia Swamp.

And

Swish, swish.

Thump.

From far away, a few of the purple locusts eating the bodies of their dead comrades approached, trembling and eventually fell.

[Your crops have exterminated pests.]

[You have gained 1 experience point.]

…

..

.

These messages appeared in front of Sejun simultaneously.

“Ah.”

Sejun had a good idea of what was happening.

‘The detoxifying green onions are acting as poison to these guys!’

And the reason why the bodies were more damaged the further they were was because the detoxifying ingredient left on the corpses was getting more diluted.

“I should plant it here.”

Pluck. Pluck.

Sejun dug up the ground with his dagger and planted about 5,000 detoxifying green onions 10m apart. While planting, he got greedy and ended up planting most of the detoxifying green onions he had.

“Is this enough?”

Sejun looked at the line of detoxifying green onions he had planted with pride. Before he knew it, the idea of accumulating experience points had flown out of his mind.

Right now, Sejun’s attention was solely focused on raising the grade of his crops by one level. It was not for nothing that his profession was a farmer.

A little later,

Flap, flap.

Purple Locusts that had been approaching while eating the corpses of their comrades started coming toward the detoxifying green onions.

The Purple Locusts ate the detoxifying green onions and fell, and other Purple Locusts died after eating the bodies of their kind. Like this, death began to spread out like a wave centered around the detoxifying green onions.

And then,

Grrr.

Krueng!

Cuengi called Sejun while rubbing his belly. He’s hungry!

“I got it. Let’s eat.”

It hadn’t been a few hours since they had eaten, but Cuengi was at the age of rapid growth. Sejun hurriedly returned to the cave with the animals. He was also hungry after moving around.

On his way back to the cave, he picked up a few more Purple Locusts. Once inside, Sejun quickly cooked them.

“Okay, you guys can eat now!”

Krueng.

Cuengi cheered and hummed a tune at the sight of abundant meal placed in front of him, and eagerly waited for his big brothers to start eating.

In consideration of Cuengi, who was eagerly waiting for his big brothers to eat, the animals quickly sat next to him and ate their food.

And then,

“Now, give me Churu, meow!”

Theo demanded Churu again.

“Okay.”

Swoosh.

Sejun gave Theo the Churu.

Lick. lick. lick.

While Theo was eagerly licking the churu,

– Um… Master Theo, I would like to try the food too.

Gaeron spoke to Theo.

“You can’t, meow! You’re too big, meow!”

– Master Theo! I can shrink myself!

“Fine, meow. Then come out, meow.”

– Yes! Thank you.

A black swamp the size of a tennis ball appeared at Theo’s feet and a small rainbow frog came out.

And then,

Bowing its head.

– Great Master, I also want to eat food. Please permit me!

Gaeron asked Sejun while bowing its head.

“Okay.”

As Sejun filled a bowl with soup,

Splash.

Gaeron jumped into the hot soup.

And then,

– Great Master! It’s really delicious! Uh. It’s refreshing!

Gaeron was in the hot soup, enjoying the bath and the meal at the same time.

While they were having their meal,

“But Gaeron, why did you sneak into the tower?”

Sejun asked out of sudden curiosity.

-That’s… because I didn’t want to die.

“You didn’t want to die? What does that mean?”

– Master is the great Black Dragon, so you know, don’t you? That if you can’t enter the tower, you’ll all die on the final day…

“The final day?”

The final day? If you can’t enter the tower, you’ll all die? Sejun was hearing this for the first time.

– Yes. The day of the world’s destruction when the tower appears.

“The world is destroyed when the tower appears?!”

– Yes? Didn’t you know that? Where the hell did you get your education…

When Gaeron was puzzled that even he, a race god, knew something that the tower administrator didn’t,

“hiss! hiss! How dare you, Gaeron! Disrespecting our President Park, meow?!”

Theo, who had been eating his Churu, puffed up his fur and growled in anger, scolding Gaeron.

– No… Not at all! Absolutely not!

“hiss! Just answer what President Park asks, meow!”

– Yes! Towers appear in worlds where destruction is imminent. Specifically, it’s worlds where calamitous beings are set to appear.

“Cataclysmic beings?”

– Yes. Like the locusts we fought a while ago.

“Locusts are going to appear?”

Sejun imagined locusts appearing on Earth. Within a few months, the locusts would rapidly evolve and the world would be destroyed.

– Yes. Before the world is destroyed, the tower appears first and selects survivors from that world to enter the tower.

“Before destruction comes, only selected beings are taken in…”

Sejun was feeling overwhelmed. If this fact is revealed to the world, there would be a huge chaos. Above all, his plan to get the Earth’s items using the golden bat would be shattered.

“What about stopping the locusts from destroying the world before they do?”

– I’m not sure. So far, many worlds have tried desperately to stop it… but they all perished. Including my world. Ah! But I think master’s green onions could be a variable!

Even Gaeron had never seen the green onions detoxify and kill the purple locusts. Usually, the true beginning of the end starts when the locusts evolve to purple locusts. Because all the lands in the world are contaminated with poison.

Then,

“Sejun! We’re here!”

Elka, leading the silver wolves, followed Sejun’s scent and entered the cave.

*****

Chapter 93: Hearing About Destruction
*****

For extra chapters, you can read them on my Patreon at https://www.patreon.com/HangukTranslations.

Join our Discord for announcements or to report any mistakes.

https://discord.gg/Z2Z6TdQk4g