Chapter 97
TL: Hanguk

“Okay. Now, go and review.”

(Yes!)

After teaching all the consonants and vowels to the golden bat, Sejun prepared breakfast.

“Today, I’ll try cooking with the new green onions.”

Sejun took out the detoxifying green onions that slaughtered the swarm of poisonous insects that he harvested from the 67th floor of the tower, frozen purple locusts, and carrots from the void storage.

As he planned to focus on harvesting to complete his job quest today, he chose carrots, the main ingredient that increases agility.

And so, the breakfast was ready.

[The Enhanced Purple SeP’s Carrot Soup has been completed.]

[Your Cooking Lv. 4 proficiency has slightly increased.]

Perhaps because of the high-grade green onions used in the cooking, the word ‘enhanced’ was added to the name of the dish.

“Oh! The duration has increased to one hour!”

Upon consumption, the effect of increasing agility by 10.5 was extended from 30 minutes to an hour. Of course, the taste was needless to say, delicious.

“Guys, let’s eat.”

After tasting it, Sejun called the animals.

“How am I going to feed them this?”

Now, he had to convince the rabbits that this purple soup was delicious.

Whoosh.

Upon hearing Sejun’s call for mealtime, the rabbits rushed over.

Squeak…

Squeal…

Thump…

As Sejun expected, the rabbits didn’t look happy upon seeing the purple soup. Some rabbits even doubted whether he had played a prank with the food.

Squeak!

Pi Ppi!

Thankfully, the black rabbit and ChuChu, who had eaten the soup before, convinced the other rabbits to try the soup, and they began to taste the soup, overcoming their aversion.

Kreung!

Especially, Cuengi made significant contributions.

Gulp!

Kreung!

When Cuengi quickly finished the soup in one shot, the other rabbits began to eat the soup, feeling a sense of urgency that the food might disappear.

That way, the intense morning breakfast ended, and

“Good. Let’s go harvest the cherry tomatoes.”

Just as Sejun was about to move to the cherry tomato field,

Squeak!

The father rabbit blocked Sejun’s path and pointed in another direction.

Squeal!

Thump!

Thump!

There, the white rabbits, who had eaten their breakfast, were gazing at the sweet potato field, where 6,500 sweet potatoes were planted, with a stern look. Originally, 10,000 had been planted, but only about 65% of them had grown properly.

“Over there? The sweet potato field still has about ten days left until harvest, right?”

As far as Sejun knew, there was still time left until the harvest.

However,

Squeak!

The father rabbit shook his head at Sejun’s words.

And

Tap.

Squeak, Squeak.

[Ever since you brought that stone, all the crops on the farm have been ripening faster. After we finish harvesting the sweet potato field, we have to harvest the other crops as well.]

The father rabbit, who had put his hand on Sejun’s leg, pointed at the fragment of the divine stone in front of Sejun’s house and said.

The Divine power flowing from the fragments of the Divine stone, which benefits the surroundings, was shortening the growth period of the crops.

“Really? Then we need to harvest the sweet potatoes first.”

Sejun moved to the sweet potato field. For Sejun, who needed to use the harvest skill 100,000 times for his job quest, having a lot to harvest was a welcome thing.

“I’ll take care of the harvesting with Theo, black rabbit, and Cuengi, so you guys handle the other farm work.”

Squeak?!

Squeal?!

Thump?!

At Sejun’s words, the white rabbits were greatly taken aback. There were roughly 250,000 sweet potatoes to be harvested from the sweet potato field today, weighing over 100 tons. It wasn’t without reason that they wore such grave expressions.

But those four are going to do it? The white rabbits couldn’t help but be surprised.

However, after watching Sejun, Theo, Cuengi, and the black rabbit harvest the sweet potatoes,

Squeak.

Squeal.

Thump.

The white rabbits nodded in understanding of Sejun’s words and went to do their work.

When Sejun grabbed the stem of the sweet potato with his right hand and pulled,

Whoosh.

Sweet potatoes came up following the stem. Unfortunately, even if he harvested thirty to forty sweet potatoes at once, the usage count for the Harvest skill was only counted once.

“Alright. Here.”

Sejun put the harvested sweet potatoes into the void storage that followed him. This was also a function added by Iona.

“Is it my turn now, meow?”

When Sejun put the sweet potatoes in the void storage, Theo, who had been waiting inside, put the sweet potatoes he cut from the stem with his claws and put them into a wooden box.

Squeak!

The black rabbit replaced the wooden box full with sweet potatoes with an empty one and stacked the filled box in the storage.

Although the explanation is long, they were able to fill a box with sweet potatoes every 30 seconds. It was thanks to the carrot soup they had eaten in the morning.

And then, there was Cuengi…

“Hey! Cuengi!”

He helped to harvest the occasionally appearing giant sweet potatoes.

Kreong!

At Sejun’s call, Cuengi, who had been eating honey nearby, rushed over and helped pull the sweet potato stem that Sejun was holding.

“Pull!”

Kreong!

As they both pulled the sweet potato stem together at Sejun’s signal,

Crack.

The ground split and a giant sweet potato 3 meters in size was pulled out of the ground.

[You have harvested a giant power sweet potato.]

[9,2967 times left until job quest completion.]

[Your job experience has slightly increased.]

[Your proficiency in Harvesting Lv. 4 has slightly increased.]

[You have gained 30 experience points.]

“I should give this to the Minotaur King.”

This was the third giant power sweet potato. The first was given to Aileen, the second to the mother Crimson Giant Bear.

In this way, Sejun was able to harvest all the sweet potatoes before lunch.

For lunch, they decided to eat roasted sweet potatoes after a long time.

Crackle. Crackle.

Rumble.

Sejun dumped 2000 sweet potatoes, wrapped in green onion leaves, into the huge bonfire he made in the sweet potato field. He did not skimp on the amount because he wanted everyone to properly taste the roasted sweet potatoes.

Once the 2000 roasted sweet potatoes were ready,

[The Tower’s administrator is shouting Roasted Sweet Potatoes! Roasted Sweet Potatoes!]

Aileen, who was waiting for the roasted sweet potatoes to be ready, came to talk.

“Here.”

Sejun put 500 roasted sweet potatoes into Aileen’s soup pot and handed it over.

[………]

And Aileen, who didn’t say a word. It was clear that she was busy peeling the roasted sweet potato skin, her face smeared with soot.

‘But if she’s a black dragon, wouldn’t the soot be hard to spot?’

While Sejun was occupied with such pointless thoughts,

Gulp.

The mother Crimson Giant Bear swallowed her pot of roasted sweet potatoes.

Roar!

Gulp.

The mother Crimson Giant Bear swallowed it whole because it was too soft.

Kreung!

As if not to make the same mistake again, she picked up the second pot.

Squeak!

Squeak!

Squeak!

Pi Ppi!

The rabbits too, their faces smeared with soot, eagerly began to eat the roasted sweet potatoes.

Kreong!

Cuengi peeled the skin of the sweet potatoes and shoved 10 of them at a time. As a result, the roasted sweet potatoes started disappearing quickly.

“Ah!”

Seeing the disappearing roasted sweet potatoes, Sejun came to his senses and began blowing on his roasted sweet potato to cool it down when,

“Hm?”

He felt a gaze from somewhere.

“It’s not the Golden Bat.”

Thinking that someone was secretly watching again,

Squeak!

(Ah, I see! Big brother!)

The Golden Bat was learning how to eat roasted sweet potatoes from the black rabbit.

“So, who is it then?”

Sejun looked around and then stared at the black dragon statue that was spurting water from its mouth.

‘Could it be?’

Sejun glanced at the roasted sweet potato and then,

Swish.

He quickly turned to look at the black dragon statue aagain. And their eyes met.

-Wh…What?! What are you looking at!!!

Kaiser got angry for no reason, feeling pricked.

‘He’s not being honest.’

Sejun put the roasted sweet potatoes into a basket and climbed up to the fountain.

“Mr. Kaiser, please have some of this.”

-Hmm. Considering the effort you put in to bring it all the way here, I’ll give it a try!

Despite his words indicating he wasn’t keen on eating it but would do so considering Sejun’s efforts, the black dragon statue poured the entire basket of roasted sweet potatoes into its mouth.

By the time Sejun had taken care of Kaiser and returned to his spot,

“Huh?!”

There wasn’t a single roasted sweet potato left. They ate them all without leaving a single one!

Just as Sejun was about to gather the animals,

“President Park! I’ve kept your roasted sweet potato warm, meow!”

Theo proudly showed the yellow roasted sweet potato he had been holding, with a voice full of satisfaction, as if saying ‘I did well, didn’t I?’

However, due to his kindness of peeling the sweet potato, it was covered with Theo’s fur.

While Sejun was considering whether to eat it or not,

“President Park, your face has turned sour again, meow! Here, try eating this, meow. I’ll give you a massage, meow!”

Theo began to knead his face while offering him the roasted sweet potato covered with fur.

Squish, squish.

In the end, Sejun had to eat the roasted sweet potato after picking off the fur while getting a face massage from Theo

However,

“Ptui! Ptui!”

No matter how much he tried to remove the fur, he couldn’t completely stop the fur from getting into his mouth since the source of the problem was next to him, continuously shedding.

After finishing the strenuous lunch, Sejun moved the sweet potatoes from the void storage to the storage area he had made next to the house without taking a nap. It was to store other crops.

Even though he had made the storage shed quite big and had made several trips to bring the sweet potatoes, it wasn’t even 10% full yet.

“Alright. Next is the potato field!”

Sejun hurriedly moved to the potato field where about 3000 potatoes had been planted. The schedule was extremely tight today. As it turns out, after the potatoes, he also had to harvest 15,000 carrots.

But if he finished harvesting today, he thought he would be able to complete 30% of the job quest.

Thus, Sejun and the animals quickly finished harvesting the potatoes and moved to the carrot field.

Then,

Swish, swish.

While they were diligently harvesting the carrots,

“Ugh! Cuengi!”

A carrot that couldn’t be pulled out with Sejun’s strength appeared. It was a giant carrot.

Kreung!

At Sejun’s call, Cuengi rushed over.

And when Cuengi combined his strength with Sejun’s to pull on the carrot’s stem,

Creak.

A giant carrot, 3m in size, appeared as the ground split apart.

However, this time it was a slightly different giant crop.

The giant carrot was floating in the air. And there was a red ribbon pattern in the center of the giant carrot.

[You have harvested the Red Ribbon’s Giant Carrot Altar.]

[You have 87,818 times left to complete the job quest.]

[Your job experience increases significantly.]

[Your proficiency in Harvesting Lv. 4 increases greatly.]

[Your proficiency in Harvesting Lv. 4 has been filled, and the level increases.]

[You have gained 10,000 experience points.]

“Red Ribbon’s Giant Carrot Altar?”

A crop with a strange name.

Squeak?!

The black rabbit was surprised to see the giant golden carrot. That’s?!

The legendary carrot that he had only heard from his father.

Then,

[A quest has been generated.]

[Quest: Offer 100 of more than 10 types of crops to the Red Ribbon’s Giant Carrot Altar within 24 hours and hold the Harvest Festival of Abundance!]

Reward: Hosting the Harvest Festival of Abundance, Job Skill – Crop Gigantification Lv. 1

A quest appeared before Sejun.

“Harvest Festival of Abundance? Crop Gigantification?”

While Sejun was reading the quest,

Squeak! Squeak!

The black rabbit excitedly called over its father.

And then,

Squeak!!!

The father rabbit, who had run over with the black rabbit, was greatly moved when he saw the golden carrot. He never thought he would see the golden carrot again after the fall of the Red Ribbon Kingdom.

He wondered if it was now possible to revive the Red Ribbon Kingdom.

While the father rabbit was moved to see the golden carrot,

“More than 10 types of crops?”

Sejun began to count the crops he had.

“Sweet potato, Golden sweet potato, potato, carrot, cherry tomato, detoxifying green onion, Sturdy blade green onion, peanut. Huh?! It’s only 8?”

He was short of two crops to complete the quest.

*****

Chapter 97: Let’s Celebrate the Harvest Festival of Abundance (1)
*****

For extra chapters, you can read them on my Patreon at https://www.patreon.com/HangukTranslations.

Join our Discord for announcements or to report any mistakes.

https://discord.gg/Z2Z6TdQk4g

