Chapter 106
TL: Hanguk

When the carrot wine drinking contest was in full swing,

– Ahh, I’m jealous. So jealous.

From atop the fountain, Kaiser watched with envy as Sejun and the animals freely enjoyed their drinks. The carrot wine in the bottles, made from thousand-year-old carrots, tasted quite good.

– It’s a pity. It’s so regrettable. If only I had a body…

Kaiser expressed his regret at not being able to participate in the contest due to his statue body.

Of course, even if he had his dragon body, he wouldn’t have been able to participate in the contest. The beings around wouldn’t have been able to withstand Kaiser’s energy.

At that moment,

-Grandpa, how much more time?

Aileen, who wanted to see Sejun as soon as possible, asked Kaiser when she would be able to use polymorph magic spell to appear before Sejun.

– Be patient. The mana concentration isn’t sufficient yet.

Kaiser checked the mana concentration and answered. The speed of the increase in mana concentration was faster than expected due to the divine power flowing from the stone of the creator god.

– Ugh, how much longer should I wait?

– Just wait a little longer. We’re almost there.

While Kaiser was pacifying Aileen, the contest ended and the large bottle filled with giant carrots disappeared.

Roar.

The third competition of the harvest festival ended, and the mana concentration on the 99th floor of the tower began to surge dramatically.

And then,

– Now!

The mana concentration on the 99th floor became similar to the administrator’s area where Aileen was.

– Hehehe, Sejun, I’m coming! Polymorph!

At Kaiser’s signal, Aileen left the administrator’s area and used the polymorph magic spell.

A bright light exploded from Aileen’s black dragon body and then receded.

When the light disappeared,

“Hehehe, success!”

What remained was not a giant black dragon, but a beautiful girl in a cute black mini-dress with black hair down to her waist. Her flawless white skin further accentuated Aileen’s beauty.

However,

– Huh?!

Aileen’s first polymorph was only half successful. Due to the instability of the polymorph magic, her wings and tail remained unchanged.

– The tail and wings are…hehe, this should be fine! Teleport!

Eager to see Sejun, Aileen hurriedly used teleportation magic spell.

And when Aileen appeared next to Sejun, she saw him about to drink a bottle of wine.

‘That’s?! Fire energy?!’

She felt fire energy coming from the carrot inside the bottle. And it was a considerably strong fire energy.

Fire carrot wine, a liquor that burns body impurities with fire energy when consumed, but if one doesn’t have a sturdy enough body, the body itself could be burned by the fire energy.

“You idiot! You’ll die if you drink that!”

In urgency, Aileen instinctively moved her tail to snatch the bottle, but her tail moved a bit lower because she was not yet accustomed to her body transformed by polymorph, hitting Sejun on the back of his head.

Thud!

“Huh?!”

Aileen regretted hitting Sejun’s head with her tail, but fortunately, the scale of her grandfather on Sejun’s left arm absorbed the damage and broke.

“Phew. Thanks, grandfather.”

Aileen breathed a sigh of relief.

***

Boom!

Sejun felt a strong force hitting the back of his head and thought he was truly dead this time.

At that moment,

Roar.

The black dragon tattoo on his left arm roared, protecting Sejun before disappearing.

“Huh?! What?!”

Feeling as if his head had truly shattered, Sejun quickly felt the back of his head carefully. Luckily, his head was fine.

“I survived.”

Only then did Sejun relax and opened his eyes wide to look for the creature that hit him.

‘How dare you hit the back of my head?!’

And then,

“You…”

Sejun found Aileen standing next to him.

“Sejun…”

A voice as gentle as a dream whispered into Sejun’s ear.

“Ail…”

Although it was his first time seeing her in person, he knew instantly. He knew that the beauty in front of him was Aileen.

Stagger.

Thud.

Sejun collapsed without finishing his sentence. His life had been saved, but the shock hadn’t fully dissipated yet.

“Ah.”

Aileen quickly propped up Sejun’s body.

At that moment,

“Meow! Keep your hands off Park Sejun. How dare you hit him? I won’t forgive you, meow!”

Theo spoke bravely while unsheathing his claws, but his body couldn’t hide the truth.

Shake, shake, shake.

He clung to Sejun’s knee, his body shaking like a trembling tassel, unable to do anything about it.

It was no wonder, as Aileen’s tail attack had turned the surrounding carrot field into a wasteland, and all the other animals had fainted. Even the mother Crimson Giant Bear and the Black Minotaurs.

If the mother Crimson Giant Bear and the Black Minotaurs hadn’t blocked the aftermath of the attack, all the rabbits might have died. It was truly fortunate.

On top of that, the overwhelming presence unique to the great black dragon that Aileen exuded. Despite feeling this, it was incredible that Theo still wanted to protect Sejun. In a way, it was his real loyalty to Sejun’s knee.

Shake, shake, shake.

The vibration that started from Sejun’s knee, from Theo’s body, was transmitted to Aileen.

It was pitiful, but on one hand, Theo, who risked his life to protect Sejun even in front of the great black dragon herself, was also admirable.

“Theo, right? Hello. I’m Aileen. You know me, right?”

In order to reassure Theo, who was clinging to Sejun’s knee and trembling, Aileen spoke gently to Theo. As she always saw him through a crystal orb, Theo felt very familiar to Aileen.

“You can’t be?! The great black dragon, Aileen, who called our President Park to the Black Tower, meow?”

“Yes, that’s me.”

At Theo’s words, Aileen proudly responded. She thought that bringing Sejun to the tower was the best thing she had done in her entire dragon life.

“Aileen, I really wanted to see you, meow!”

Theo looked at Aileen with admiration. The existence that Theo admired the most after Sejun was Aileen, who had brought Sejun here.

“Heeheehee. I wanted to see you too. It’s nice to see you in person.”

“Meow! I’m happy too, meow!”

“Don’t worry. Sejun just fainted.”

“Phemeow. That’s a relief, meow.”

So Aileen, supporting the unconscious Sejun, conversed with Theo.

“Ah!”

Her arm started to turn black. It was a symptom of polymorph magic fading due to lack of magic power.

“I think I have to go now.”

“Why are you leaving so soon, meow? Wait until President Park wakes up, meow.”

“I wish I could, but I can’t. I’ll go now. Theo, continue to look after Sejun.”

“Leave it to me, meow! I’ll protect President Park, meow!”

Theo puffed out his chest and said bravely.

“Ok. And don’t tell Sejun that I hit him on the back of his head.”

“That’s difficult, meow! There are no secrets between President Park and me, meow!”

“Okay. Just don’t tell him right away.”

“Got it, meow!”

“Good. Then I’ll go.”

Peck.

“Teleport.”

Aileen disappeared after kissing the unconscious Sejun on the lips.

-Oh my. when will my granddaughter come to see me?

In the end, Kaiser, who thought that she would come to see him, was waiting for Aileen on the fountain, not knowing that Aileen had left.

***

“Hmm.”

Sejun woke up on the last day of the Harvest Festival, the 7th day, at lunchtime.

“President Park, you’re awake, meow?”

“Sejun, have you woken up?”

Squeak?

Kreong?

The animals that had been guarding around Sejun, who had been unconscious for almost a day, were worried about him.

“Yeah, I’m okay. But…why am I lying here?”

Sejun asked.

“President Park, don’t you remember anything, meow?”

“Right. I remember drinking at the drinking contest, but I don’t remember anything after that. Did I blackout after drinking?”

It was a short-term memory loss due to shock, but the only one who knew the truth here was Theo, who hadn’t fainted.

Squeak!

Squeal!

Squeap!

As evening came, the rabbits began to prepare to say goodbye to the departing rabbits, giving them carrots. Because when the Harvest Festival ended, the summoned 1,000 rabbits had to go back to where they originally came from.

Most of the departing rabbits didn’t look sad. They had decided to immigrate with their own groups to the 99th floor of the tower. They had plenty of money for travel, thanks to the new year’s gift money they received from Sejun.

However, the rabbits who had to return to the 55th floor of the tower did not look happy. Harsh farming work, requiring them to work even without sleeping, was waiting for them as soon as they returned.

“Kyoot, Kyoot, kyoot. Don’t worry. The Wandering Merchant Association will soon punish Grid.”

Iona reassured the rabbits. Iona thought the crime this time was too serious, and even if it was Grid, there was no way for him to stay on the 55th floor of the tower.

While the rabbits were greeting each other,

“I definitely saw a very pretty woman…”

Thunk.

[You have harvested a well-ripened magical cherry tomato.]

[You have 67,951 times left until the job quest is complete.]

[Your job experience slightly increases.]

[Your proficiency in Harvesting Lv. 5 slightly increases.]

[You have gained 30 experience points.]

Sejun was trying hard to recall the image of the beautiful woman flickering in his head while he was harvesting cherry tomatoes.

“Ah, why can’t I remember?”

Sejun sighed with frustration. The woman seemed to be an extreme beauty, similar to the Serang from the moonlight fairy, whom he liked, but she now resembled a squid.

“”Will I be able to see her again? She was really pretty.”

Aileen should have stepped forward and said it was her, but she was sound asleep due to the aftereffects of polymorph magic spell.

At that moment,

Squeak!

Pi Ppi!

The black rabbit and ChuChu came to find Sejun.

“Do you have something to say?”

At Sejun’s question, the two rabbits put their front paws on Sejun’s body.

Squeak!

[I want to go down to the 55th floor with Princess ChuChu!]

“ChuChu, and you only? Isn’t that a bit dangerous?”

Pi Ppi! Pi Ppi!

[We’re going to rebuild the Red Ribbon Kingdom!]

“Um… Okay, But I can’t allow just the two of you to go.”

Iona said that Grid would soon be driven out of the 55th floor of the tower, but villains are known to be tenacious and survive until the end. It could be dangerous if only the two of them went down.

Even now, I had summoned the Black Wolf Tribe and the Silver Wolf Tribe to protect the migrating rabbits. If they are mobilized, they can rebuild the kingdom more safely.

“Iona, follow the black rabbit and ChuChu and help them.”

“Kyoot, Kyoot, kyoot. Yes! I was worried too. I’ll go with them.”

Sejun added Iona to the team. With Iona’s tremendous magic, they can fend off all enemies that may come, so there would be no danger.

A while later,

“Kyoot, Kyoot, kyoot. goodbye, Sejun.”

Iona, sad about the fact that she would not be able to get a good night’s sleep for a while, said goodbye to Sejun, taking the black rabbit and ChuChu with her. The Black Wolf Tribe and Silver Wolf Tribe were going to meet at the 75th floor of the tower and go down together.

“Meow Meow Meow! Goodbye, Iona, meow! I’ll wait here, meow!”

Theo, who now had exclusive rights to Sejun’s lap, saw Iona off with a bright cheerful voice.

However

Thump.

“Meow?!”

Sejun grabbed Theo, who was hanging onto his knee, by the scruff of his neck and moved him next to Iona.

“President Park, why am I here, meow?”

“President Theo, it’s time for you to go down too.”

Now it was time to work after a lot of play. Theo’s bag was already full of crops. All he had to do was go down.

“Understood, meow!”

Theo obediently replied. He thought that he had been playing too much lately. It was necessary to show his face to the humans waiting for him.

“And don’t forget what I told you.”

“Don’t worry, meow! I remember everything, meow!”

As the animals left and time passed,

[The Harvest Festival of Abundance and overflowing Mana ends.]

[The 1,000 rabbits summoned during the Harvest Festival returned to their everyday lives.]

The harvest festival ended.

“It’s lonely.”

The farm, from which 1,000 rabbits had left, looked very empty. Even though they were unfamiliar with where they had arrived, they knew where they were leaving from.

*****

Chapter 106: Finally Meeting
*****

For extra chapters, you can read them on my Patreon at https://www.patreon.com/HangukTranslations.

Join our Discord for announcements or to report any mistakes.

https://discord.gg/Z2Z6TdQk4g