Chapter 108
TL: Hanguk

“Heeheehee. Sejun will praise me again.”

Aileen went up to the roof, thinking she would be complimented by Sejun during the Blue Moon.

And then

“Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.”

Scrub. Scrub.

Aileen hummed a tune as she earnestly polished the front of the cylindrical searchlight item with a black dragon drawn on it.

Soon after, the Blue Moon rose.

“Hehehe. It’s my time to shine!!!”

Thump.

Aileen confidently pressed the switch on the searchlight item.

However,

Fwoosh… Fizzz.

The light switched on and then went out.

“Huh?”

Thump. Thump.

Aileen, feeling something was wrong, hurriedly switched it on and off, but

……

There was no response.

“Grandpa, help me!”

Aileen urgently called Kaiser.

-My granddaughter! What’s wrong?!

“The searchlight item you gave me isn’t working!

-That’s impossible? What I made is perfect… ah! Check how many green squares there are on the switch.

“Green squares on the switch? Was there something like that?”

-It indicates the magic power storage rate.

“Is that so?”

Following Kaiser’s words, Aileen checked the squares on the switch.

“Huh? They’re all gray.”

All 5 of the 5 squares were gray. Usually, when Aileen passed out, Kaiser, who came to the administrator’s area, had the chance to recharge, but this time, the portal didn’t open.

-Oh no… that means all the stored magic power is used up. You can only use it again if you recharge the magic power.

The timing was bad. Normally, Aileen, who had grown a Dragonheart, could recharge the magic power, but she was unable to recover all her magic power due to Polymorph.

Furthermore, Kaiser also used up all his magic power to assist Aileen’s Polymorph, making it difficult to help Sejun.

“Kuhuhu! I’m sorry, Sejun!”

Aileen quickly looked for Sejun through the crystal orb.

***

[The Tower’s administrator tearfully says she might not be able to help this time.]

“I understand.”

[The Tower’s administrator says she’s sorry.]

“It’s okay.”

Sejun answered, pretending to be calm, and looked around. Complaining and getting angry here wouldn’t help at all.

“Guys, get into the house quickly!”

Squeak!

Whoosh!

At Sejun’s shout, the rabbits and poisonous honeybees, who had sensed something strange, began to quickly enter their houses.

However,

Thump. Thump.

There was not enough time. The rabbits and poisonous honeybees were already affected by the Blue Moon, losing their sanity and their bodies starting to transform.

“No!”

If the animals lost their sanity, they would attack each other and many lives would be lost.

“Create Thunder Clouds!”

In his urgency, Sejun created a thunder cloud with a radius of 1km to cover the sky. Fortunately, it worked, and as the Blue Moon was blocked by the thunder cloud, the rabbits and poisonous honeybees began to return to their original state.

“Go home quickly!”

Sejun quickly sent the animals home.

Just then,

Roooaaarrr!!!

Bang! Bang!

The body of Mother Crimson Giant Bear grew even larger as it went on a rampage.

“Thunder cloud!”

Sejun tried to gather all the thunder clouds above the head of Mother Crimson Giant Bear to cover the blue moon, but it seemed to have no effect in its rampaged state.

Roooaaarrr!!!

Bang!

The thunder cloud was scattered by a single punch of Mother Crimson Giant Bear.

“We’re doomed.”

Sejun hastily ran towards the cave. At this point, the only option was to hide in the cave and wait for the blue moon to end.

Then, Suddenly,

Kreong.

“Huh?”

While running towards the cave, Sejun saw a Cuengi sleeping, using a stone in front of the house as a pillow.

“Cuengi!”

Sejun hurriedly called out to Cuengi. Sleeping calmly in such a dangerous situation…

Kreong?

Cuengi, who just woke up from sleep, looked around.

“Follow me, Cuengi!”

Kreong.

At Sejun’s words, Cuengi followed Sejun, rubbing his eyes.

[Master! Are you okay?!]

As they descended into the cave, Flamie greeted Sejun.

“Uh, yeah, I’m okay. Cuengi is…huh? Why are you okay?”

Sejun, who was about to tell Cuengi to avoid the blue moon, realized that Cuengi had been basking in the blue light of the blue moon while sleeping.

Kreong?

Cuengi also asked back as if he didn’t know why. Why am I okay?

Sejun and Cuengi didn’t know, but when Sejun became Centurion Landlord, he made the animals as guards, and Cuengi became immune to the effects of the blue moon.

The guardian had to keep the field safe, so he always had to stay sane.

Kreong.

Perhaps because it was sleeping time, Cuengi laid on the rock that used to be Sejun’s designated rock and began to sleep again.

Roar!!!

Mother Crimson Giant Bear appeared above Sejun’s cave.

‘Please just go!’

Sejun prayed in his mind, but

Sniff sniff.

Mother Crimson Giant Bear sniffed around intensely, looked down, and locked eyes with Sejun.

‘Ah. Nothing’s going right today.’

Sejun lamented his bad luck for the day.

Just then,

“Ah!”

A good idea popped into Sejun’s head.

“Flamie! Use the flame of purification on Mother Crimson Giant Bear!”

[Yes!]

If it was Flamie’s purifying flame buff, which purifies negative energy, it might stop the rampage of Mother Crimson Giant Bear.

[Hiyap!]

When Flamie used his first leaf with a shout, the green leaf turned white. At the same time, the white flame flew towards the leg of Mother Crimson Giant Bear and was absorbed.

Whoosh.

The white flame, which started from the leg of Mother Crimson Giant Bear, instantly swallowed the entire body of Mother Crimson Giant Bear.

Roar.

Fortunately, when the purifying flame began to burn, Mother Crimson Giant Bear’s rampage stopped. In this way, the white flame gradually faded as it burnt off the negative energy Mother Crimson Giant Bear had.

A moment later, after the flame disappeared, what remained was Mother Crimson Giant Bear, whose fur had turned pink from red, purified of all negativity.

“I guess I should rename her Pinkie.”

Sejun spoke looking at Mother Crimson Giant Bear.

Roar.

It seemed the mother Crimson Giant Bear liked her changed fur color as she licked her fur and looked around cautiously. Thankfully, no other monsters came until the Blue Moon ended.

“Phew. That was a relief.”

Sejun let out a sigh of relief. It was a dangerous situation, but they had gotten through the blue moon without a major incident.

“Let’s sleep for now.”

The relaxed Sejun used Cuengi’s belly as a pillow and fell asleep.

***

“Get ready.”

Iona warned as they were about to enter the 55th floor of the tower.

Pi Ppi!

Squeak!

“Yes!”

“Yes!”

ChuChu and the black rabbit, as well as the Black Wolf Tribe and Silver Wolf Tribe, who had joined on the 75th floor, prepared to enter behind Iona.

“Then let’s go! Oh, power of the wind. Prevent any noise from spreading. Silence.”

As Iona used a Silence spell and entered the 55th floor first, the animals followed.

“Who’s there?!”

As soon as the animals emerged from the passage, the boar tribe warriors guarding the corridor shouted, but their voices did not spread due to Iona’s Silence spell.

“Gargh!”

“Ugh!”

The wolves quickly subdued the boar tribe warriors.

“Let’s go straight to Grid’s mansion!”

“I know the location!”

Elka, who had been to Grid’s mansion before, took the lead. The quicker they moved and the later the enemies discovered their invasion, the better.

Their goal was to infiltrate, subdue Grid, rescue Jeras. Once Grid was subdued, they decided to leave the rest to Mason.

So when they arrived at Grid’s mansion,

“Huh?!”

Iona and the animals found Grid’s mansion covered by a dome of opaque energy.

Thud. Thud.

“It looks like a barrier.”

Elka spoke, biting the handle of the huge battle axe that had been carried on his back. It was a relic, Guillotine, retrieved after killing Tariq.

Rumble.

Elka swung the guillotine with a movement of his head.

Crash!

A red energy erupted from the guillotine, tearing apart the barrier, creating a large hole in the barrier.

“Let’s go in.”

Iona and the animals entered the barrier.

After the animals had entered,

Swoosh.

The hole in the barrier started to close.

***

Rumble.

“Uhmm.”

Sejun, who had been sleeping using the belly of Cuengi as a pillow, woke up due to the loud rumble from Cuengi’s stomach.

‘Should I sleep with Cuengi next time?’

It was very comfortable sleeping on Cuengi’s belly. It felt like sleeping on a cloud, and it even had the function of an alarm to wake up in the morning.

Kreong…

[I’m hungry…]

As soon as Cuengi opened his eyes, he started looking for food.

“Let’s go eat.”

As Sejun got up and went outside,

“Wow!”

He saw crops all over, glowing with a blue aura. They were magical cherry tomatoes imbued with the energy of the Blue Moon.

“Let’s eat quickly and then harvest.”

Kreong!

Cuengi cheered at the mention of eating.

Sejun quickly entered the kitchen and made soup. He wanted to harvest the crops as soon as possible, so he just ate soup.

Squeak!

Squeal!

In the meantime, the rabbits woke up and ate breakfast together.

After having breakfast,

“Okay, let’s go!”

Sejun started harvesting crops with Cuengi.

Pop.

[You’ve harvested a magical cherry tomato imbued with the energy of the Blue Moon.]

[You have 61,287 times left to complete the job quest.]

[Job experience slightly increases.]

[The proficiency of Harvesting Lv. 5 slightly increases.]

[You have gained 150 experience points.]

Sejun put the harvested blue cherry tomato directly into his mouth.

Crunch.

Slurp!

Juice burst out as soon as he bit into the skin of the cherry tomato.

“Wow, it’s delicious.”

[You’ve consumed a magical cherry tomato imbued with the energy of the Blue Moon.]

[Your magic power permanently increases by 0.3.]

Since there were a lot of cherry tomatoes imbued with the energy of the Blue Moon today, it was okay to eat a few without wprrying.

Kreong!

Cuengi pointed at himself with his front paw, indicating that it was his turn.

“Alright. Here.”

Sejun found another blue cherry tomato and gave it to Cuengi.

When about 100 of the blue crops had been harvested,

[You’ve harvested 100 crops imbued with the energy of the Blue Moon in a day.]

[Job experience greatly increases.]

“Huh? This is new.”

It was new information that harvesting 100 crops imbued with the energy of the Blue Moon gave additional job experience.

Kreong!

Cuengi rushed Sejun to harvest more, pointing at the tempting blue cherry tomato.

“Got it.”

Shortly after, the harvesting of the magical cherry tomatoes imbued with the energy of the Blue Moon ended.

“Now let’s harvest regular cherry tomatoes.”

As Sejun was about to harvest the regular red tomatoes,

Kreong!

Cuengi called Sejun from the front of the sweet potato field.

“What? Huh?!”

When Sejun arrived at the place where Cuengi had called him, five blue sweet potatoes had been dug up there.

“Cuengi, how did you find these?”

Kreong!

[They smell!]

Cuengi pointed to his nose and said.

“Smell?”

According to Cuengi, crops imbued with the energy of the Blue Moon had a unique fragrance. Thanks to this, they could find crops imbued with the energy of the Blue Moon even if they were buried in the ground.

In this way, they were able to continue harvesting blue crops, and when the number of blue crops that Sejun had harvested reached 200,

[You’ve harvested 200 crops imbued with the energy of the Blue Moon in a day.]

[Job experience increases significantly.]

Again, he was able to earn additional job experience.

And

[Your job experience is now full.]

[The rank of Tower Farmer (C) increases.]

[You have become a Tower Farmer (B).]

[As the job rank increases, job characteristics are strengthened.]

Finally, the job rank has increased.

“Great!”

Sejun, who could now harvest higher-grade crops, was delighted when

Flash.

A golden light burst out from Sejun’s straw hat.

[Relic: Saint Patrick’s Straw Hat confirms the user’s job rank increase.]

[Tower Farmer (B) confirmed.]

[The grade of the Artifact: Saint Patrick’s Straw Hat increases to B.]

[The B grade restrictions are lifted.]

[Restriction on Skill – Earth’s Blessing Lv. 5 is lifted.]

[Restriction on Skill – Farmer’s Body Lv. 4 is lifted.]

[Restriction on Skill – Bountiful Harvest Lv. 3 is lifted.]

[Restriction on Skill – Growth Acceleration Lv. 2 is lifted.]

[Skill – Farmer’s Talent Lv. 1 is unlocked.]

Sejun checked the skills of the Saint Patrick’s Straw Hat.

Earth’s Blessing changed from a slight increase to an increase in the rate of magic power recovery,

Farmer’s Body increased all stats from 5 to 7,

Bountiful Harvest increased the maximum area from 1000 to 1650 square meter for a bountiful harvest,

The Growth Acceleration changed the growth period of the crops from a week to two weeks without any side effects.

And

“Farmer’s talent?”

Sejun checked the newly opened skill.

[One More! Lv. 1]

→ Every time you harvest 1000 of the same crops, you can get one more.

It was decent enough.

“Good job, Cuengi.”

Sejun praised Cuengi, giving him a blue sweet potato. If Cuengi had not found the blue crops in the ground, it would have taken much longer to raise his job rank.

On the 272nd day of being stranded, Sejun became a B-rank Tower farmer.

***

“Meow?”

Theo’s mood suddenly worsened as he descended toward the 38th floor.

“What, meow? Who’s getting President Park’s favor, meow?”

Theo’s knee detector was evolving.

*****

Chapter 108: Safely Overcoming Danger
*****

For extra chapters, you can read them on my Patreon at https://www.patreon.com/HangukTranslations.

Join our Discord for announcements or to report any mistakes.

https://discord.gg/Z2Z6TdQk4g