Chapter 109
TL: Hanguk

“How many are there?”
Sejun counted the number of crops imbued with the energy of the Blue Moon that he harvested.

“201, 202…221.”

There were still 221 crops left even after he had shared quite a few with Cuengi.

“Good.”

Sejun looked at the harvested blue crops with satisfaction. 150 cherry tomatoes, 31 sweet potatoes, 20 potatoes, 20 carrots.

“First, I’ll eat about 80 cherry tomatoes.”

A blue, C-grade cherry tomato increases his magic power by 0.3. Sejun’s current magic power was 48.75. He was planning to raise his magic power to 70 to unlock the <Throw Thunder> skill.

“We can share the rest.”

Kreong!

When Sejun said he would distribute the crops, Cuengi emphasized not to forget his contribution.

“Of course. I’ll make 10 special honey sweet potatoes for our Cuengi.”

Kreong!

At Sejun’s words, Cuengi cheered.

“So, let’s get to work.”

Sejun began to harvest the normal crops with Cuengi. They first went to the tomato field to harvest the cherry tomatoes, of which they had the most.

And then,

Snip. Snip

A little while after they started harvesting,

[You harvested 1,000 Magical Cherry Tomatoes.]

[One More! Lv. 1 is activated.]

[You obtained one additional Magical Cherry Tomato.]

When he harvested 1,000 cherry tomatoes, the One More! skill activated and they got one more cherry tomato.

“One thousand plus one.”

Although there was no dramatic effect, he thought it would help if it accumulated bit by bit. He continued to harvest in this way.

Kreong!

When the box was filled with cherry tomatoes that Sejun harvested, Cuengi, who had been lounging around in the void storage, got up and stacked the box in the storage.

“Thanks. Crop Gigantification.”

Sejun used the Crop Gigantification skill on the Magical Cherry Tomato to be given to the hard-working Cuengi.

[The Magical Cherry Tomato is enlarged five times.]

[Your job experience increases very slightly.]

[Your proficiency in Crop Gigantification Lv. 1 increases slightly.]

The cherry tomato became five times bigger, roughly the size of a pumpkin. Sejun used Crop Gigantification on 10 cherry tomatoes to enlarge them and gave them to Cuengi.

Kreong!

Cuengi was happy with the cherry tomatoes that not only tasted good, but also filled his mouth.

So, every time Cuengi moved a box, Sejun used Crop Gigantification on the crop he would give to Cuengi, and soon

[The Magical Cherry Tomato is enlarged five times.]

[Your job experience increases very slightly.]

[Your proficiency in Crop Gigantification Lv. 1 increases slightly.]

[Your proficiency in Crop Gigantification Lv. 1 is filled, and the level increases.]

His level quickly increased. Thanks to this, the size of the crops enlarged by the skill increased by 6 times.

“Let’s eat now.”

Kreong!

At the mention of food, Cuengi quickly got up.

“Hmm hmm hmm.”

Kreong! Kreong!

As Sejun started cooking while humming, Cuengi followed and sang along.

And then,

Squeak!

Squeal!

Squeap!

The rabbits gathered to eat dinner after finishing their work.

“Eat these.”

Sejun handed 20 blue carrots to the rabbits. He had already eaten some cherry tomatoes with Cuengi, and during the harvest festival, his agility had increased a lot, so he gave all the carrots to the rabbits.

The potatoes were used for soup, and besides the 10 honey sweet potatoes to be given to Cuengi, the rest of the sweet potatoes were all made into roasted sweet potatoes.

“I didn’t know the dragons would love roasted sweet potatoes so much.”

At first, he thought only Aileen liked it, but it turned out that Kaiser and Anton also loved roasted sweet potatoes.

Chew. Chew.

While the food was being prepared, the rabbits waited while eating carrots, and Sejun ate blue magical cherry tomatoes to raise his magic power.

[You have consumed a magical cherry tomato imbued with the energy of the Blue Moon.]

[Your magic power permanently increases by 0.3.]

…

..

.

By the time he had eaten 71 cherry tomatoes,

[Your Magic Power has exceeded 70.]

[The seal of <Throw Thunder> of Rain Thunder Lv. 1 is unlocked.]

[All the seals on Rain Thunder Lv. 1 are unlocked.]

[Based on the accumulated proficiency, the skill level of Rain Thunder Lv. 1 increases.]

[Your proficiency in Rain Thunder Lv. 1 is filled, and the level increases.]

[Your proficiency in Rain Thunder Lv. 2 is filled, and the level increases.]

“Oh!”

As soon as all the seals of the skill were unlocked, the level of Rain Thunder skill instantly rose to 3. It was thanks to Sejun practicing to make thunderclouds and increasing his proficiency.

‘I should try this in the western forest tomorrow.’

He couldn’t use <Throw Thunder> here, so he planned to use it on fire ants.

Just then,

Kreong!

Cuengi started urging Sejun, asking when his honey sweet potato would be ready.

“It’ll be ready soon.”

Sejun planned to finish the cooking to match the time the soup would be ready.

A little later,

“It’s ready.”

Sejun completed the soup, honey sweet potato, and roasted sweet potato at the same time.

Flap. Flap.

-Park Sejun, you rascal! Hurry up and bring out the roasted sweet potatoes!

Kaiser, who had been waiting for the food to be ready, flew over, shouting.

[The Tower’s Administrator asks if he is angry with Sejun.]

-What… angry? Absolutely not.

“Kaiser, calm down. And you too, Aileen.”

Sejun calmed the dragons and took out the roasted sweet potatoes from the fire.

“I’ll give you 15, Mr. Kaiser, but you’ll have to share with the other dragons.”

-Hmm. Thanks.

Rumble.

The black dragon statue swallowed the roasted sweet potato that Sejun handed over in one gulp.

And then,

“Aileen, I’ll give you 5 roasted sweet potatoes and 50 cherry tomatoes.”

Thanks to the increase in magical talent from consuming honey jelly, the condition of the Dragon Heart has greatly improved. That’s why Aileen was now able to eat magic-enhancing crops again.

[The Tower’s Administrator says thank you.]

After distributing the roasted sweet potatoes to the dragons, Sejun started his meal with the animals.

Sejun sprinkled pepper into the soup and then scooped the soup with chunks of potato.

“Hoo. Hoo.”

He cooled the soup with his breath and put it in his mouth. The taste of the ingredients, combined with the seasoning of salt and pepper, created a perfect flavor.

In addition, the crispy texture felt every time he chewed the perfectly cut potatoes.

“Wow.”

It was so delicious. Of course, having light meals for breakfast and lunch played a part in this.

As soon as he finished a bowl of soup,

[You have consumed the Purple SeP’s Potato Soup imbued with the energy of the Blue Moon.]

[Your strength permanently increases by 0.2.]

The effect was lower than the original, but it appeared even without eating the whole serving.

“Oh!”

Just as Sejun thought he should eat another bowl of soup,

Tong. Tong.

Kreong···

Cuengi appeared disappointed as he tapped the completely empty pot and stared at its bottom. He had managed to eat all the honey-sweet potatoes and devour the soup in just a minute after the meal began.

***

“Kuhahaha!”

Kaiser laughed heartily as he peeled the skin of the roasted sweet potato. The roasted sweet potato was so hot that steam was coming out it, but Kaiser, who had high fire resistance, wasn’t affected by the heat at all and peeled the skin.

It was an ability that Sejun would have been very envious of.

Kaiser took a big bite of the roasted sweet potato, revealing its yellow flesh. He was supposed to share with the other dragons, but he was eating it all by himself.

‘I can’t share something this good.’

After all, it was clear that the nature of the dragon was greed.

“Oh!”

Whether it was due to the energy of the Blue Moon or not, it had a much richer flavor and aroma than the previous sweet potato. As he ate the roasted sweet potato, his throat gradually dried up.

That’s when

Pop!

Glug, glug, glug.

Kaiser opened a bottle of fire carrot wine he got from Sejun, filled a large cup with it, and drank it in one gulp.

“Kyaa!”

When the fire carrot wine went down his throat with the sweet potato, the dryness disappeared. At the same time, his mouth felt refreshed and ready to eat more roasted sweet potatoes.

“Kuhahaha. Good. Very good.”

‘Hehehe. Well done, my granddaughter.’

Kaiser was enjoying fire carrot wine with roasted sweet potato as a snack, praising Aileen for appointing Sejun as the tower farmer,

Whoosh.

Kaiser quickly covered the roasted sweet potato.

A moment later,

“Father, what are you eating alone?”

Anton, who hurried back from the patrolling outside, asked Kaiser with a sharp eyes. The room was filled with a strong smell.

“Hmm. What do you mean, eating? I was just having a simple drink.”

Kaiser tried to act as nonchalant as possible. If it was revealed that he had roasted sweet potatoes, he would have had to share with the other dragons.

“Hand it over.”

“What…what are you talking about?”

“The roasted sweet potato.”

‘How did this damn ghost know?’

“Here.”

Kaiser took out a roasted sweet potato.

However,

“I know you got 15 from Sejun.”

“Eek!”

At Anton’s words, Kaiser grimaced. Kaiser didn’t know, but Anton had also been listening to the conversation with the black dragon statue.

Thus, Kaiser’s plan to monopolize the roasted sweet potatoes came to nothing.

***

After having dinner, Sejun was pondering why Cuengi didn’t go berserk during the Blue Moon. He concluded that the only difference was that Cuengi didn’t change because he was a guardian.

So he intended to designate Mother Crimson Giant Bear as a guardian instead of ChuChu, but

[Once a guardian is assigned, it cannot be changed.]

A once-designated guardian could not be changed.

“It doesn’t work.”

Sejun stood up from his seat thinking that he must carefully assign a guardian next time.

“Cuengi, let’s sleep together.”

Having slept with animals continuously these days, it felt somewhat empty to sleep alone.

However,

Kreong!

At Sejun’s words, Cuengi shook his head and ran away. He said he would sleep with mom!

“…Ah. What am I doing at the age of 26?”

Sejun, overwhelmed by Cuengi’s rejection, regained his senses, went into his room, and lay down.

Snooze…

He fell asleep easier than he thought.

(Sejun, I’m here!)

Screech.

In the corner of the bedroom ceiling, a nocturnal golden bat kept watch over the sleeping Sejun.

***

“Representative Theo, why are you doing this?”

Intern Jeff, who had joined on the 67th floor of the tower, asked Theo, who was grimacing. Theo was taking a few of the interns who were helping to rebuild the 67th floor of the tower down to the 38th floor.

“This is bad, meow. Speed up, meow!”

“More?!”

“Shut up, meow! Do you want to extend the contract, meow?!”

Theo yelled at the cat interns who were grimacing.

“Understood.”

There were no interns who could refuse in front of the Cat Boss.

Thanks to running quickly, Theo arrived at the camp on the 38th floor of the tower 50 hours after leaving the 99th floor.

“Humans, I’m here, meow!”

“It’s Theo!”

“The cat merchant has appeared!”

Hunters hurriedly ran at Theo’s appearance.

“Puhuhut. Were you waiting for me that much, meow?!”

Theo was pleasantly surprised by the hunters’ attitude, who welcomed him more than he expected.

“Of course. Why haven’t you been here lately?”

“Yeah! Do you know how many days we’ve been waiting here?”

The hunters responded, forming a circle around Theo. They were preparing for the auction.

“Bill, Jeff.”

“Yes.”

“Yes.”

Bill and Jeff took out wooden boxes from their bags and stacked them one by one.

And then

Jump.

Theo climbed up on the boxes

“Let’s start the auction, meow! The first auction is the magical cherry tomato, meow!”

He announced the start of the auction.

Then

“Make way!”

“Please make way!”

Hunters carrying hunters who were poisoned and unconscious with blackened skin entered the camp.

“Move, meow!”

Thump, thump.

Theo quickly moved and put detoxifying green onions into the mouths of unconscious hunters one by one.

“I thought you only cared about money…”

“You saved people without any hesitation…”

Theo’s unexpected action changed the hunters’ view of him.

However,

‘Puhuhut. I made money, meow!’

Unlike what the hunters thought, Theo, who had planned to make money regardless of the hunters’ thoughts, didn’t need any calculations, and among the unconscious hunters was the guild master of the Wizard Guild, Lucilia.

*****

Chapter 109: Reaching Magic Power 70
*****



*****

For extra chapters, you can read them on my Patreon at https://www.patreon.com/HangukTranslations.

Join our Discord for announcements or to report any mistakes.

https://discord.gg/Z2Z6TdQk4g