Chapter 110
TL: Hanguk

As the hunters who ate the detoxifying green onions began to regain their original skin color and their rapid breathing started to ease.
“It’ll take time to be fully detoxified, meow!”

Theo casually stood up and climbed back onto the wooden box. In Theo’s hand was a piece of paper.

‘Puhuhut. President Park will love it, meow!’

Theo had quickly taken thumbprints of the hunters while feeding them detoxifying green onions. His hands were faster than the eye. Theo carefully put the contract into his bag, thinking about how happy Sejun would be.

Then

“Let’s start the auction with 500 magic cherry tomatoes each, meow!”

Theo shouted charismatically.

“870 tower coins for 500 pieces!”

“890 tower coins for 500 pieces!”

A higher than usual bid. Due to Theo’s long absence, there was no supply outside the tower, so the prices were rising.

In addition, after witnessing Theo’s good deeds here, the hunters unknowingly spent a little more money to help Theo, who had suffered a loss. Thanks to this, he was able to sell 5000 magic cherry tomatoes at about 1.9 tower coins each.

“Next is the power sweet potato, meow!”

Theo thought this trade would be a brief as the sweet potatoes didn’t receive a good response in the last auction, but

“1500 tower coins for 500 pieces!”

“1600 tower coins for 500 pieces!”

“1800 tower coins for 500 pieces!”

Contrary to Theo’s thoughts, the hunters’ response was explosive. This was because the true value of the power sweet potato had been revealed.

It actively stimulates bowel movements.

Of course, it helped to promote regular bowel movements, but that was just the tip of the iceberg. Consuming the power sweet potato resulted in more active bowel movements and increased absorption efficiency by 5 times.

That is, eating one power sweet potato and one detoxifying green onion together produced the same effect as eating five detoxifying green onions.

“2500 tower coins for 500 pieces!!!”

“3000 tower coins for 500 pieces!!!”

“4000 tower coins for 500 pieces!!!”

Therefore, the auction was heated, and the price of the power sweet potatoes skyrocketed.

“50,000 tower coins for 500 pieces!”

“60,000 tower coins for 500 pieces!”

“120,000 tower coins for 500 pieces!”

The hunters fell silent at the sudden doubling of the price.

120,000 Tower coins meant buying the power sweet potato for 240 Tower coins each. The winning bid for the power sweet potato at the last auction was 1 Tower coin, so it increased by a whopping 240 times.

But if you think about it, it was cheap. One power sweet potato does the work of four detoxifying green onions.

And the price of the detoxifying green onion at the last auction was about 80 Tower coins. Even if you buy the power sweet potato for 320 Tower coins each, it’s still worth it.

Plus, the effect of the power sweet potato isn’t limited to the detoxifying green onion. It also applies to the magical cherry tomatoes. Even if you eat one, it feels like you’ve eaten five and keeps your vitality for a long time.

Of course, it also applied to ordinary medicines.

“Sold, meow!”

In the ensuing auction, Theo sold the power sweet potato for an average of 250 Tower coins each.

And then,

“Next up is the detoxifying green onion!”

The auction for the detoxifying green onion began next.

“40,000 tower coins for 500 pieces!”

“41,000 tower coins for 500 pieces!”

“42,000 tower coins for 500 pieces!”

The price was somewhat settled from the last auction, and it didn’t rise much when the power sweet potatoes appeared.

Then,

“I’m only selling 5,000 detoxifying green onions today, meow!”

“What?!”

“Why?!”

The hunters, who were leisurely watching, thinking that Theo would sell 10,000 detoxifying green onions as he did in the last auction, were taken aback.

And then,

“52,000 tower coins for 500 pieces!”

“53,000 tower coins for 500 pieces!”

“60,000 tower coins for 500 pieces!”

The hunters hurriedly joined the auction. Thanks to that, the price went up and Theo was able to sell 5,000 detoxifying green onions for 154 Tower coins each.

‘Puhuuhut. I’ve earned over 2 million Tower coins, meow.’

“Theo, let’s take a picture.”

Female hunters approached Theo, who was happy for exceeding his highest sales amount, asking him to take a photo.

“It’s not possible, meow!”

“Huh?! Why?”

“I still have one more crop to sell, meow!”

“Really?!”

Upon hearing that there was a new crop, the scattering hunters gathered again.

“The new crop for sale is Agility Carrots, meow! Come and see, meow!”

The hunters examined the options of the agility carrot at Theo’s invitation. They had already expected that it would increase agility just by hearing the name. The crucial part was the effect when a non-awakened person ate it.

“It improves eyesight?”

“Can even those who have lost their sight regain it?”

Puzzled by the vague description, the hunters contemplated whether to buy the agility carrots and returned to their positions.

“Let’s start, meow!”

“500 tower coins for 500 pieces!”

The hunters estimated the value of the Agility Carrot based on the effect of improving agility, as they could not know how much it improved eyesight.

As the auction proceeded,

“550 tower coins for 500 pieces!”

There was one hunter who was buying the Agility Carrot at a slightly higher price. It was Kim Dong-sik, the leader of the Phoenix Guild’s 3rd team.

‘I’m investing all my fortune here!’

Based on his past experiences, Dong-sik had realized that the crops sold by Theo were cheapest when first introduced and when people were skeptical.

And in the next auction, once the value of the crops became known, the price would skyrocket. That’s why Dong-sik believed that now was the cheapest time, and he invested all his fortune to buy 3,000 Agility Carrots.

“Sold out, meow!”

When the auction ended, and Theo and the interns were taking photos and receiving rewards from the hunters,

“Umm…”

Hunters who had been poisoned started to regain consciousness.

***

(Wake up…)

Late at night, someone called Sejun.

“Ugh, what is it?”

As Sejun rubbed his eyes and looked around,

Flap. Flap.

A golden bat was flying in front of Sejun.

(Sejun! You’re awake! An Ent has come for you!)

“Ent?”

(Yes! It’s waiting outside!)

Listening to the golden bat’s words, Sejun went outside the house.

Thump, thump.

As Sejun came out, the Ent waiting in front of the house extended its head with a blue seed. It looked like a seed imbued with the energy of Blue Moon.

“Did you come all this way for this?”

Sejun placed his hand on Ent’s head and asked,

[Yes… Seed… Take… Please…]

“Okay.”

Snap.

Sejun plucked the blue seed from Ent’s head.

[You’ve obtained the Mimic Seed.]

[Your Job experience slightly increases.]

[Your proficiency in Seed Harvesting Lv. 4 slightly increases.]

“Mimic Seed?”

Sejun examined the seed.

[Mimic Seed]

→ A seed produced by an Ent that has absorbed the energy of the Blue Moon, at a very low probability.

→ It mimics the closest seed or crop.

→ Grade: A

“So it mimics?”

As Sejun was examining the seed,

[Th…ank… you…]

The Ent expressed gratitude to Sejun for plucking its seed, and then

Thud. Thud.

began to return to the Western Forest.

“I should be the one thanking you.”

Sejun waved until Ent was out of sight.

And then,

“Which crop should I plant it next to?”

Sejun wondered where to plant the Mimic Seed.

But,

“Yawn.”

He was too sleepy.

“Let’s think about it in the dream.”

Sejun put the Mimic Seed in his pocket and went back to sleep.

And then, in the morning.

Kreong!

Cuengi came into the bedroom and woke Sejun up.

“What’s the matter? Yesterday you just left me alone?”

Sejun said, feigning annoyance.

Koo… Wahh..

Cuengi burst into tears as Sejun didn’t welcome it. Daddy is angry…

Vroom, vroom,

Koong started the engine of crying.

“No, no. Daddy’s not angry.”

Pat, pat.

Sejun quickly patted Cuengi’s butt to soothe him. If Cuengi cried, it would use more energy, and thus would need to eat more. And Sejun has to prepare the food that Cuengi will eat.

‘I can’t make the child cry first thing in the morning.’

As Sejun soothed Cuengi ,

Kreong.

[I’m hungry.]

Cuengi, who had stopped crying quickly, pushed out his pink belly and said.

“Okay. Let’s have breakfast quickly. Golden bat, let’s go.”

(Yes!)

Sejun took Cuengi and the golden bat to the kitchen and prepared breakfast. During the preparation, the rabbits woke up and helped Sejun.

After having the prepared breakfast,

“Ah! The Mimic Seed.”

Sejun took out the seed from his pocket.

But,

“Huh?!”

What came out from the pocket were two five-colored bean seeds.

“Ah!”

He had completely forgotten about it since he bought it from Emil, the Raccoon Tribe chief. The Mimic Seed in his pocket had transformed into the five-colored bean seeds that was already there.

“What does it matter?”

Since he didn’t specifically have anything to do with the Mimic Seed, Sejun was not too disappointed.

“Let’s plant them.”

Since he had only two seeds, he didn’t want to plant them in the field. Sejun dug the ground with his dagger next to the fragment of the divine stone and planted the seeds.

[You’ve planted the five-colored bean seeds.]

[Your Job experience slightly increases.]

[Your proficiency in Seed Sowing Lv. 6 slightly increases.]

[Due to the effect of Proficiency Increase Lv. 1, your proficiency in Seed Sowing Lv. 6 has increased by an additional 5%.]

After planting the two five-colored bean seeds,

“Today, we will harvest cherry tomatoes in the morning and go to the western forest in the afternoon. Got it?”

Kreong!

(Yes!)

Sejun told Cuengi and the Golden Bat the schedule for the day. Anyway, he has to work alone.

“Let’s work!”

Sejun went into the cherry tomato field alone and started picking cherry tomatoes.

Pop.

[You’ve harvested a well-ripened Magical Cherry Tomato.]

[You have 50,017 times left to complete your job quest.]

[Your Job experience slightly increases.]

[Your proficiency in Harvesting Lv. 5 slightly increases.]

[You’ve gained 30 experience points.]

“There’s still half left.”

Sejun said, looking at the job quest message. The progress was slower than he thought.

And while he was diligently harvesting cherry tomatoes,

Buzz.

A poisonous honeybee came.

“Huh? What’s the matter?”

Buzz.

[The poisonous bees from the east are swarming.]

“Really? Cuengi, let’s go!”

Sejun hurriedly took Cuengi and moved east.

***

“Can you move now, meow?”

Theo, who had returned after taking photos, asked the hunters who regained consciousness.

“Yeah. Thank you for saving us.”

“Thank you.”

The hunters expressed their gratitude to Theo.

“It’s okay, meow! If you’re thankful, follow me, meow! Dong-sik, you follow too, meow!”

“Me too?”

“Yes, meow!”

Theo took Kim Dong-sik and the hunters out of the camp.

As they were moving,

“One.”

“Be competent!!!”

“Two.”

“Let’s become humans!!!”

They could hear someone shouting from afar.

‘Is he going to the master?’

Upon hearing the sound, Dong-sik realized where Theo was heading.

‘But why is he going to the master?’

He felt a sense of rejection because he himself had just come from running around with the Black Wolf Gang members until a few days ago.

Soon after, as Dong-sik expected, they arrived where Han Tae-jun was.

“Old man, it’s been a while, meow!”

“Theo, why are you here so early? These guys are not ready to become competent yet.”

“Eek!”

The Black Wolf Gang members were shocked at Han Tae-jun’s words.

“I came because I have something important to discuss, meow.”

“Something important? What is it?”

“First, write a confidentiality agreement that you’ll keep what you hear here secret, meow!”

Theo handed over a new contract. This contract only contained information about maintaining confidentiality.

“Should we stand further away?”

The hunters who had followed Theo asked. They did not want to hear any secrets and complicate matters.

“There’s no need for that, meow!”

Theo took out the contract he had put away earlier and began to write the contents of the agreement.

Stamp first, then contract. It was a truly crafty way to make a contract.

Then,

“Welcome, members. From now on, you are founding members of the Earth Defense Force, meow! And I’m the Deputy Commander of the Earth Defense Force, codename Yellow, meow!”

Theo, having finished writing the contract, shouted to the hunters. Of course, Sejun was the commander of the Earth Defense Force.

*****

Chapter 110: Establishing the Earth Defense Force

*****

For extra chapters, you can read them on my Patreon at https://www.patreon.com/HangukTranslations.

Join our Discord for announcements or to report any mistakes.

https://discord.gg/Z2Z6TdQk4g