Chapter 111
TL: Hanguk

As Sejun ran towards the east, he saw a large swarm of poisonous honeybees in the distance.

“How many are there?”

Bzzz… Bzzz…

From the east, 30,000 poisonous honeybees were rapidly approaching Sejun’s farm, and

Buzz! Buzz!

from the opposite direction, 10,000 of Sejun’s poisonous honeybees were warning the enemies not to come closer, making threatening sounds.

It was a critical situation.

“It will be difficult to capture them…”

The number of eastern poisonous honeybees was too great. If he tried to catch them, his own honeybees might get wiped out first. It was regrettable, but there was no other way.

“Cuengi, blow them away.”

Kreong!

At Sejun’s command, Cuengi enlarged and simultaneously infused magic into the branch it carried.

Creak.

The branch enlarged.

Kku…!

Just as Cuengi was about to swing the 20m long branch with all its might,

-Stop!

Flap… Flap…

The black dragon statue flew in.

-Park Sejun, you fool! Why are you trying to massacre these useful creatures?! Aren’t you going to treat Aileen?!

Kaiser began to berate Sejun. The more poisonous honeybees there were, the more honey jelly could be produced, and thus, Aileen’s treatment could be expedited.

“I’d like to, but if we try to catch them one by one, our guys will die first.”

-Hmph! Just watch me.

In response to Sejun’s answer, Kaiser flew towards the eastern poisonous honeybees, making a loud noise.

Buzz! Buzz!

The eastern poisonous honeybees were about to attack Kaiser who had entered their territory.

At that moment,

-Obey me.

At Kaiser’s single command, the attitude of the eastern poisonous honeybees changed 180 degrees.

Bzzz… Bzzz…

Suddenly, the eastern poisonous bees began to escort Kaiser.

Flap… Flap…

Kaiser casually approached Sejun with the eastern poisonous honeybees.

-Are you satisfied now?

Kaiser spoke to Sejun in a pompous manner, as if saying ‘This much is nothing to me.’

“Thank you, Mr. Kaiser.”

-Hmph! I’m doing this for my granddaughter! It has nothing to do with the roasted sweet potatoes!

Kaiser mentioned the roasted sweet potatoes unnecessarily in response to Sejun’s thanks. It seemed that he wanted more in the future. After speaking so brusquely, Kaiser then casually flew away alone.

And then,

Bzzz… Bzzz…

Sejun stood alone between the 40,000 poisonous honeybees.

‘I should feed them honey and tell them not to eat meat in the future.’

Clang.

Sejun opened the void storage and took out a jar of honey.

Click.

As he opened the lid,

Kreong!

Cuengi rushed in front of Sejun, thinking that the honey was for him.

Thump.

Before Sejun could stop it, Cuengi dipped its hand into the jar and scooped up a large amount of honey.

Then,

Slurp… Slurp…

Bzzz?

When Cuengi began eating the honey, the eastern poisonous honeybees started showing interest in the honey Cuengi was eating.

“You guys try it too.”

When Sejun poured honey into several dishes and invited them to eat, Sejun’s poisonous honeybees and the eastern poisonous honey bees started eating honey from the dishes together.

At that moment,

[A wild poisonous honeybee queen decides to follow you.]

[The 11,931 poisonous honey bees led by the Queen decide to follow you.]

[You have obtained the hive owned by the Queen of the wild poisonous honey bees.]

“Huh?! There was a queen too?”

There were so many poisonous honeybees that the queen was concealed among them.

[The number of poisonous honey bees has exceeded 20,000.]

[Your proficiency in Beekeeping Lv. 5 has increased greatly.]

[Your proficiency in Beekeeping Lv. 5 is full, and the level rises.]

It had been only a few days since the level increased when the number of poisonous honeybees reached 10,000, and the beekeeping level had risen again. But that was not the end.

[A wild poisonous honeybee queen decides to follow you.]

…

..

.

As Sejun’s beekeeping level rose and the number of hives he could acquire increased, other poisonous honeybee queens also decided to follow Sejun. This time, it was a queen who had 17,000 poisonous honeybees.

[The number of poisonous honeybees has exceeded 30,000.]

[Your proficiency in Beekeeping Lv. 6 has increased slightly.]

[The number of venomous honeybees has exceeded 40,000.]

[Your proficiency in Beekeeping Lv. 6 has increased greatly.]

[Your proficiency in Beekeeping Lv. 6 is full, and the level increases.]

“Wow. My level has gone up by two.”

[A wild poisonous honeybee queen decides to follow you.]

…

..

.

Then another poisonous honeybee queen decided to follow Sejun. This time, it was a poisonous honeybee queen who led about 3,000 bees.

Buzz, Buzz.

The three poisonous honeybee queens flew towards Sejun, rubbing their abdomens against his body to show intimacy.

“But why did you all come all the way here, abandoning your hive?”

Sejun asked the poisonous honeybee queens a question he was curious about.

Buzz.

[We were attacked by enemies and had no choice but to abandon our hive and flee.]

Buzz.

[Me too.]

Buzz.

[Hehehe. I ran away because I saw the two of you running away.]

The smallest and youngest poisonous honeybee queen shyly replied.

“Enemy?”

Sejun, who knew that the eastern forest was dominated by poisonous honeybees, asked in confusion.

Buzz.

[We were attacked by hot and red things.]

Buzz.

[Not only fire, but the red shell is the problem.]

Buzz, Buzz.

[That’s right! If you don’t sting accurately, the poisonous stinger won’t go in properly.]

After hearing the poisonous honeybee queens, Sejun recalled something.

“You didn’t get attacked by these guys, did you?”

Sejun brought out the corpse of a fire ant worker from his void storage and asked. The fire ant worker could emit hot fire and had a resilient red shell.

Buzz, Buzz.

The poisonous honeybees were agitated to see the corpse of the fire ant, and it seemed to be correct.

“What happened?”

Clearly, they were appearing from the west. But to appear from the east?”

“Is it the south?”

He was sure about the center, so the only way the fire ants could have come and gone was from the south.

“Let’s go to where the hive is first.”

Sejun, along with the poisonous honeybees and Cuengi, moved east to retrieve the poisonous honeybee queens’ beehive.

***

“Pfft!”

One of the Black Wolf Gang member couldn’t hold back his laugh at Theo’s words. Earth Defense Force? It reminded him of a special forces movie he watched as a child.

“Who dares to laugh at the announcement of the establishment of the Earth Defense Force, meow?!”

Theo, the Deputy Commander of the Earth Defense Force, tried his best to speak as sternly as he could.

“I’m… I’m sorry!”

“Be careful, meow! The Earth Defense Force is no joke, meow!”

“Yes!”

“Then you all should decide your codenames, meow!”

“What?!”

“Isn’t it obvious? Everyone here is part of the Earth Defense Force!”

Han Tae-jun had a request left in the contract, Black Wolf Gang had to work under Theo until they repaid their debt, and Kim Dong-sik was also contracted with Sejun, so Theo forcibly enlisted all of them in the Earth Defense Force.

‘Earth Defense Force? This isn’t a game!’

The face of Lucilia, the guild master of the Wizard Guild, turned red with anger at Theo’s absurdity. This was not what she signed up for.

When Lucilia was about to express her anger,

“Theo, Earth Defense Force? Can you explain more?”

Han Tae-jun asked in a serious voice.

“Earth’s destruction is coming, meow. So, we, the Earth Defense Force, must protect the Earth, meow!”

“…!”

Silence followed Theo’s words.

“Destruction? What destruction?”

“I can’t tell you everything, meow! President Park said not to tell everything, meow!”

Releasing too much information could cause chaos and foster confusion.

Especially if it became known that the tower, like Noah’s Ark, would take in survivors before the destruction, everyone would abandon Earth and create chaos in an attempt to enter the tower.

“You expect us to believe you without telling us anything?”

Lucilia, who had been displeased from the start, asked. There was no information to believe Theo’s words.

“You don’t have to believe, meow.”

“What?!”

“But just do what I tell you to do, meow!”

It didn’t matter whether the hunters believed him or not. Theo’s goal was solely to complete what Sejun ordered and to receive praise.

“And sell this to raise funds for activities, meow!”

Theo took out 2,000 detoxifying green onions and divided them into 100 pieces for each hunter. If he had known that the Power Sweet Potatoes were sold at a high price, he would have saved them, but that was Theo’s mistake.

Much of Lucilia’s dissatisfaction disappeared with the 100 detoxifying green onions given by Theo. If she went outside and sold them, they would almost amount to 15 billion won. There were many benefits to be gained from selling this.

“Then I’ll give you a mission, meow! Buy as much land as you can and…”

As he spoke, Theo took out a Sturdy Blade Green Onion from his bag.

“Plant this, meow!”

“What is this? Ouch!”

One hunter carefully touched the sturdy blade green onion leaf and cut his hand.

“Be careful, meow! It’s very sharp, meow!”

“Can planting this prevent Earth’s destruction?”

Han Tae-jun asked.

“That’s right, meow! If we plant a lot of this on Earth, there will be no destruction of the Earth, meow!”

Since Sejun’s words were all correct, Theo spoke confidently.

“I understand. Let’s try it.”

Selling the detoxifying onions provided money and using that money to buy land and plant green onions was all that needed to be done. Since it only consumed one favor, Han Tae-jun had nothing to lose.

And as for the Earth Defense Force… There was something majestic about it.

So, they decided to meet again, and the Earth Defense Force members dispersed.

At that moment

“Theo.”

Han Tae-jun approached.

“What is it, meow?”

“I want my disciples to join the Earth Defense Force as well.”

Han Tae-jun had already trusted Theo’s words. And he thought that protecting the Earth was ultimately protecting Korea.

So, he wanted his disciples to join the Earth Defense Force as well.

In that way, the Earth Defense Force was expected to increase its membership by 10 in the near future.

“Alright, meow! I’ll write up the contracts when you bring them next time, meow!”

“Thank you! And…”

Han Tae-jun said cautiously.

“What, meow?”

“I want my codename to be Captain K.”

Han Tae-jun had always been envious of Captain A in Marvel movies.

***

Sejun was guided by the bees to the beehive.

“Wow, it looks like this.”

Last time he only went to the entrance so he didn’t know, but the east was mostly rocky terrain.

After about an hour’s journey, the hive of the youngest queen bee who had fled last appeared.

“Cuengi, carry it.”

Kreong!

Cuengi picked up the beehive and they moved again to find another beehive.

30 minutes later.

Crunch. Crunch.

Giant ant workers chewing and carrying huge hives appeared, numbering roughly 1,000.

Buzz! Buzz!

The original owner of the beehive, the queen bee and the worker bees, were ready for battle.

“Wait a minute. Create Thundercloud.”

Sejun decided to use his perfected thunder skill. The sky darkened with storm clouds, but the worker fire ants paid no attention.

“Rainfall.”

Sejun sprayed enough water to enhance the electrical conductivity.

And then

“Throw Thunder!”

With Sejun’s shout,

Crack! Bang!

A massive blue lightning bolt from the sky struck the beehive where the fire ants were.

Boom!

Sizzle.

The lightning striking the hive spread to the surroundings.

[You’ve killed a fire ant worker.]

[You’ve gained 1,000 experience points.]

…

..

.

In an instant, 500 ants in the beehive and 300 ants around the beehive were electrocuted and died. The metal shell of the ants was weak against electric attacks.

“Oh! I’m so stron… Huh?!”

Thud.

Sejun collapsed. He had carelessly exhausted all his magic power, succumbing to mana exhaustion.

Kreong!

[As expected, Dad is too weak!]

Cuengi shook his head and carried Sejun.

“Thank you…”

Without the strength to stand up, Sejun was carried on Cuengi’s back and arrived home.

*****

Chapter 111: Carried Back Home
*****

For extra chapters, you can read them on my Patreon at https://www.patreon.com/HangukTranslations.

Join our Discord for announcements or to report any mistakes.

https://discord.gg/Z2Z6TdQk4g