Chapter 112
TL: Hanguk

While Sejun was resting at home due to mana exhaustion,
[Hi Cuengi!]

Flamie greeted Cuengi, who came down to the cave. Cuengi was hunting small fish, brought from the Sea of Dimensions by Flamie, twice a day, once in the morning and once in the afternoon.

Kreong! Kreong!

[Not good! Dad passed out due to mana exhaustion!]

[What?! Master collapsed?!]

Flamie asked in a worried voice after hearing the news about Sejun from Cuengi.

Bang!

Kreong! Kreong! Kreong!

[He collapsed after dropping a thunderbolt! Dad is weak! I’m so worried he might die!]

Cuengi, while hunting a fish with a single punch, told Flamie about his worries.

Although Cuengi knew that Sejun was as weak as a sunfish, he didn’t know that Sejun had the talent to get into danger by himself. Even now, just in case, the Golden Bat was guarding Sejun.

[We can’t let this go on. We need to come up with some measures.]

Kreong! Kreong!

[Yes! We need a plan!]

Flamie and Cuengi were looking for a way to strengthen Sejun. However, they couldn’t come up with a suitable alternative even after thinking for a long time.

***

Tower, 55th floor.

“Power of ice. Follow my command and conceal the surroundings. Ice Fog!”

To buy time for the group to escape, Iona created an ice fog to obscure sight and slow down the enemies.

The group, who had intended to effortlessly defeat the Grid and save Jeras, encountered an unexpected obstacle inside the mansion — white knights guarding Grid’s mansion, made entirely of dragon bones, known as Dragon Knights.

There were 100 Dragon Knights. They were neither strong nor fast. But the Dragon Knights, who neither got destroyed nor tired, gradually wore down the fleeing group.

They even thought of escaping outside the barrier, but unlike when they entered, the barrier didn’t break from the inside, and they kept fighting and running from the Dragon Knights.

And just when the group was gradually becoming exhausted,

Pi Ppi

ChuChu suggested that there might still be a secret passage in the palace of the Red Ribbon Kingdom. They evaded the dragon knights’ pursuit and arrived at the location of the secret passage following Chuchu.

Screeech.

As Chuchu pushed the bottom of the rock,

Thud.

The rock moved, revealing the hidden entrance to the secret passage. Although the Red Ribbon Kingdom’s palace had collapsed, but luckily Grid had not touched the underground, so the secret passage remained intact.

“Hurry up!”

“Hurry!”

Elka and Hegel ushered the wolves into the secret passage.

And then

Pi Ppi!

As soon as all the animals, including the black rabbit, entered the secret passage, Chuchu quickly called out to her master.

“Kyoo-Kyoo-Kyoo- Got it. Power of ice. bring frost and wind to the enemies! Blizzard.”

Iona used magic and quickly entered the closing secret passage.

Thump.

Whoosh.

As the secret passage closed, the Blizzard magic spell was activated and a snowstorm began to blow.

And then

Crackle.

The dragon knights who had been chasing the animals stopped their pursuit as they froze in the snowstorm. The strong wind also erased any signs that the secret passage had moved.

***

“Ugh…”

Sejun, who had been lying down all day yesterday, woke up. Due to the aftereffects of mana exhaustion, he didn’t feel great today. He had no strength in his body, and didn’t feel like doing anything.

“But I have to do what needs to be done.”

Swoosh.

Barely managing, Sejun added another line to the wall in his bedroom, marking the start of the 275th morning.

As soon as Sejun, who had marked the date, went outside,

Kreong!

Cuengi, who was preparing breakfast for Sejun, noticed him and hurried over. The golden bat, who had been watching over Sejun all night, was asleep on the ceiling of his bedroom.

Thud.

Cuengi, enlarging itself to 3m, grabbed Sejun by both shoulders and brought him back to his bedroom.

“Why, Cuengi? I can move now.”

Sejun tried to leave, but

Thud.

Cuengi lightly pressed its front paw on Sejun’s chest as he tried to get up. That alone was enough to fully suppress him.

Kreong! Kreong!

[No! Dad must eat a lot and rest!]

Sejun had no choice but to eat soup in bed, forced by Cuengi.

A little while later, Cuengi who had been keeping an eye on Sejun so he wouldn’t leave, fell asleep next to him, and the bedroom became quiet.

And then,

Zzzz.

Zzzz.

Only the sound of Cuengi and the golden bat’s snoring could be heard. They were both exhausted from worrying about Sejun.

“You guys.”

Feeling warmth in his heart for their concern, Sejun stroked Cuengi’s belly. It was cozy.

Then he remembered how he was overpowered by Cuengi earlier.

“Receive my revenge. Bubububub.”

Sejun took revenge by blowing raspberry on Cuengi’s belly.

Kreo-hehehe.

Cuengi laughed in its sleep, tickled by Sejun blowing raspberries. Thus, Sejun, who had been playing around, carefully got up and went outside. It was too suffocating to stay in the house.

“Hoo.”

Sejun took a deep breath as soon as he got outside.

“The seed store will open soon. I hope some good seeds come out…”

Clank.

Sejun, muttering to himself, opened the void storage and came out with a single strawberry.

And then,

Chomp.

He took a bite of the strawberry.

“Hmm.”

Thanks to the freshness of the strawberry, he felt his energy returning.

[You have consumed a Lucky Strawberry.]

[Your Luck will increase for 1 hour.]

“I wish the seed store would open late. Then I could eat another strawberry.”

While Sejun was having useless thoughts,

Buzz. Buzz.

The youngest Queen Bee, who decided to follow Sejun yesterday, flew over with something in her grasp and landed on Sejun’s shoulder.

It looked like honey jelly, but it had golden specks, like gold dust, embedded in it. It looked very luxurious because of the gold color.

“Did you sleep well, Seventh?”

Sejun asked the youngest Queen Bee. As the number of queens increased, he named them in the order they came.

Buzz. Buzz.

[Yes, I slept well. And this is my token of appreciation. Hehehe.]

Plop.

The Seventh Queen Bee placed the honey jelly she was holding in Sejun’s hand and rubbed her front legs together vigorously like a fly. Bribing already? It had a talent, a talent for flattery.

“Thank you.”

Sejun first thanked the Seventh Queen Bee and then checked the honey jelly.

[Golden Royal Jelly]

→ This was made by the Poisonous Queen Bee over a long period of time, using her special ability to refine and purify various types of honey jelly.

→ The honey jelly has been refined, enhancing its taste and nutrition.

→ When consumed, it forcibly awakens a dormant talent related to magic.

→ Expiration: 100 years

→ Grade: A+

“It forcibly awakens magic-related talent?!”

Sejun’s face brightened as he read the description of the Golden Royal Jelly.

This is totally for me, right? It was exactly what Sejun, who was struggling with mana exhaustion, needed. If a talent related to magic was awakened, he could gain effects such as magic power increase or magic power recovery speed increase.

In addition, once a talent related to magic is awakened, he could use honey jelly to enhance it.

“Amazing! Thank you so much, Seventh!”

Buzz…Buzz.

[Hehehe. I’m so glad my bri… gift pleased you, Master.]

‘Was it really a bribe?’

“But did you make this?”

Buzz. Buzz.

[No. My queen’s queen’s queen’s…]

The Seventh Queen Bee repeated ‘queen’ ten times before she stopped. According to the Seventh Queen Bee, it had been stored since then. It seemed they couldn’t make it anymore since the flowers had disappeared.

“Can’t you make it?”

Buzz. Buzz.

[Well, I don’t know. I tasted honey for the first time yesterday… But I’ll try my best!]

“Alright.”

The enthusiastic response of the seventh queen honeybee pleased Sejun, and without hesitation, he swallowed the queen’s bribe.

After eating the lucky strawberry and raising his luck, it was the perfect timing to eat the Golden Royal Jelly.

Squish.

As soon as it entered his mouth, the golden jelly became mushy like dough. At the same time, he felt a smooth yet strong sweetness. Though the sweetness was strong enough to cause a headache, it didn’t hurt oddly enough.

Thanks to this, Sejun was able to enjoy the sweetness purely.

And then,

Gulp.

The liquefied Golden Royal Jelly went down smoothly.

“Wow.”

The taste of sweetness didn’t linger, leaving a clean finish.

[You have consumed Golden Royal Jelly.]

[Forcing the awakening of a dormant magic-related talent.]

Blue light clusters circled around Sejun’s body.

Then,

[Forcing the awakening of a magic-talent higher than the dormant one.]

Along with the message, even larger blue light clusters appeared.

“Oh! It’s exploding here!”

Just when Sejun was pleased that he had eaten the lucky strawberry,

Swoosh.

One of the blue light clusters was absorbed into Sejun’s body.

[Talent: Magic Circuit, preparing to awaken.]

“Magic Circuit?”

Just as Sejun was about to check out the new talent,

[Talent: Your physical condition is too poor to awaken the Magic Circuit.]

[Talent: Forcing the awakening of the Magic Circuit.]

“Gah!”

With the message that the talent was forcibly awakened, massive energy spread from Sejun’s stomach throughout his body, and he felt a terrible pain as if his whole body was being torn apart.

“What’s this…”

Sejun couldn’t bear the pain and lost consciousness.

Buzz.

The seventh queen honeybee hastily called for help, leaving out the part that he fainted after eating what she had given. If things went wrong, she could die before Sejun woke up.”.

A moment later,

Kreong!

Cuengi, who was sleeping inside, ran out and dragged Sejun back into the bedroom. As expected, dad is weak!

Cuengi thought weak Sejun fainted from a cold breeze outside. It was an unfair misunderstanding for Sejun.

And then,

[What?! Master has fainted again?! Those nasty fire ants!]

When Flamie heard that Sejun had fainted, Flamie decided to scold the fire ants that caused Sejun to faint.

Flamie started spreading its roots towards the south.

***

“Pufufut. The work finished faster than expected, meow!”

Theo, who had finished trading and establishing the Earth Defense Force, was happy and was about to go back up to the 99th floor of the tower with the interns when,

“This is not good, meow!”

“Huh?!”

Theo’s expression, who was laughing a moment ago, changed in an instant. Seeing the serious expression on Theo, Bill and Jeff also became tense. Every time that expression appeared, they had to run non-stop.

“Park Sejun’s knee has weakened, meow! Run quickly, meow!”

Theo started running quickly.

And when he was about to enter the merchant corridor connecting the 70th floor to the 80th floor of the tower,

“Handsome wandering merchants, please take a look at an item before you leave.”

Theo’s step halted abruptly at the sound coming from behind.

“Why did you call me, meow?!”

Theo asked the wandering merchant who had laid goods on the counter.

“Huh?!”

The wandering merchant was momentarily puzzled at Theo’s words. Although he called another passing wandering merchant, Theo naturally thought he was called. ‘The handsome wandering merchant can only be me, meow!’

“Ah! I called you to look at the items that would suit a handsome cat like you!”

The thick-skinned merchant handled the situation aptly.

“Really, meow?”

Theo began to inspect the goods that the wandering merchant had laid on the counter.

“Meow…”

There were many eye-catching, splendid sculptures. But Theo didn’t even glance at those and focused on the feeling of his front paw. Now Theo knew his advantage clearly.

Then,

“Meow?”

Zap.

Theo felt a pull on his front paw.

“I want this, meow!”

“Huh?! This one?”

The wandering merchant’s face brightened at the statue Theo pointed at. The statue Theo pointed at was a strange statue that looked like it was carved from a small golf ball, so he didn’t even know what it depicted.

“Really?”

“Yes, meow!”

‘I just picked it up on the road and put it on display, I didn’t think a merchant would want to buy it.’

“Ahem. It’s cheap anyway, so just give me 3 top coins.”

The wandering merchant offered a cheap price, but even the most expensive sculpture he sold didn’t cost 3 tower coins.

However,

“Give me a discount, meow!”

He met the wrong customer. No matter how much Theo wanted to buy it, He couldn’t just buy it.

“Then… just 2 tower coins…”

“Give me a discount, meow!”

Theo bought the strange statue for 0.5 tower coins after haggling three times and started running towards Sejun again.

‘Pufufut. President Park, wait for me, meow! I’m bringing something good, meow!’

*****

Chapter 112: Awakening Magic Talent
*****

For extra chapters, you can read them on my Patreon at https://www.patreon.com/HangukTranslations.

Join our Discord for announcements or to report any mistakes.

https://discord.gg/Z2Z6TdQk4g