Chapter 114
TL: Hanguk

55th floor of the tower.

-Who’s there?

‘Arrgh. Why is there a dragon’s energy from the treasure vault?!’

Iona was startled by the overwhelming aura emanating from the white dragon statue that she dared not approach.

Then

Squeak! (I am the mighty black rabbit warrior, Black Rabbit!)

Black Rabbit raised his hammer and shouted.

-How dare this black-haired creature speak in front of me?!!!

Kellion was furious at Black Rabbit’s words. Seeing black made his gums itch and he remembered the past fight with that blackie bastard.

“Everyone run! Power of fire, obey my command and unleash hellfire on the enemy that never goes out! Hellfire!”

Iona used magic to buy time for the animals to escape from the intense hostility emanating from the white dragon statue. She completely gave up on the idea of surviving.

Iona’s sole aim was to save as many animals as possible. That was all.

However

-Stop.

“…?!”

At one word from the white dragon statue, both Iona’s magic and the movement of Iona and the animals stopped.

-You deserve to die just for reminding me of bad memories… How dare you attack me, the great white dragon Kellion?! Abandon any thoughts of an easy death! Grid!

Kellion, who hates color black, burst into a roar and called Grid.

A moment later

Thud. Thud.

Grid, who received Kellion’s call, ran hastily with ground trembling beneath him.

Thud.

“Did you call me, great white dragon?”

Grid bowed his head and knelt before the white dragon statue.

-Grid, how could you guard so poorly that I must deal with these insignificant creatures?!

“Huh?!”

Grid slowly raised his head and looked around. Around him, he saw animals that could not move besides the statue.

‘Is that the great destructive wizard Iona?!

Sssk.

Seeing Iona and the other animals, Grid laughed wickedly. He had ordered his subordinates to search for intruders outside, but he didn’t expect them to be here.

‘Today is your day of reckoning, Iona.’

Grid’s eyes were filled with anger and madness as he looked at Iona. It wasn’t once or twice that Iona had hindered his work.

“I’m sorry! I’ll take care of it right away.”

Grid stood up to deal with Iona and the animals.

But just as he turned his back on the white dragon statue to deal with Iona,

Swoosh.

A black hole appeared on the floor and swallowed up the white dragon statue.

‘Huh?! The white dragon statue disappeared!’

The animals witnessed the white dragon statue disappearing, and their bodies slowly began to move. The magic was lifted as the white dragon statue disappeared.

However,

“Entering this place without even knowing who’s here, and without fear. Ah-ha-hahahahaha. I won’t kill you, Iona, easily. I’ll start by peeling off your skin.”

Grid was spewing out vulgarities, not even realizing that the white dragon statue had disappeared.

Then

Pchoo!

The black rabbit, whose nose was tickled by the fur of the wolves, sneezed.

“Huh?! It moved?”

Grid was startled, seeing the black rabbit sneeze.

And then,

Creak, creak.

Struggling to turn her head, Iona looked over.

‘Thank you for saving me, Sejun.’

Iona intuitively knew that Sejun had resolved this situation, and she wondered if this might be the effect of Sejun’s knee that Theo had been talking about.

Swish, swish.

Iona thanked Sejun in her heart, moving her shoulders and loosening her body.

‘How?!’

“Kellion… sir?”

Grid frantically looked behind; however, the white dragon statue had vanished as though it had evaporated into thin air.

“Hey Kellion, the dragon bastard!!! What am I supposed to do if you leave me alone?!”

Grid called out desperately for Kellion, but Grid’s desperate cries only echoed in the treasure vault.

Thud. Thud.

“Kyoo-Kyoo-Kyoo-Kyoo-Kyoo-Grid, I won’t kill you easily.”

Iona stared at Grid, clenching her fist as she threw his words back at him. As her anger exceeded its limit, reaching the 5th stage of rage, Iona became calm instead.

“Everyone, get out.”

Squeak.

Pi Ppi.

“Yes.”

“Yes.”

The animals who couldn’t dare defy Iona quietly left the treasure vault.

Thud.

They even kindly closed the door of the treasure vault on their way out.

An hour later, Iona emerged from the treasure vault with a refreshed expression. The treasure vault’s outbound inventory list was updated to include wild boar skin, meat, and bones.

***

-You…you couldn’t be? Blackie Kaiser?!”

The white dragon statue was startled when it discovered the black dragon statue. He had even created a barrier to avoid the tower system while exploring the black tower… But all of his efforts were rendered useless when he was suddenly summoned here.

-So that’s why my arm was aching…Whitey Kellion, why did you come crawling in here?!”

-What?! Aching?! Kaiser, I can’t even eat meat because of you!”

-Who told you to steal my side dish?!

-Kaiser, it’s your personality that’s filthy! Who throws a fit over a single side dish?!”

-That was something special I had saved for my 40,000th birthday!

The two of them, who together are nearly 100,000 years old, were fighting like this…it was a sight to behold, almost unbelievable.

Rooooar.

Pssh.

As the two of them argued verbally, their powers clashed and the crops and buildings caught in between began to turn to dust.

‘These dragons!’

Sejun stepped forward to stop the fight when he saw his house being destroyed and his crops dying.

“Lord Kaiser! And the other dragon! Calm down!”

Since he couldn’t get any closer, he climbed onto a fragment of the divine stone and shouted. Strangely enough, only that spot was quiet and unaffected by the power of the two dragons.

Kreong!

Cuengi stood next to Sejun, firmly holding onto his leg. The moment they left the fragment of the divine stone, they could get caught up in the clash of the two dragons’ powers and die.

“Meow, meow, meow.”

On the other hand, Theo was resting on Sejun’s lap, humming a tune regardless of the power clash happening around them.

-Park Sejun, you rascal! Don’t interrupt when adults are talking!

-You! Your hair is black, huh?! Very unfortunate! Your bad luck! Now die!

-Stop! How dare you attack our Sejun!

Kaiser blocked Kellion’s attack which was aimed to kill Sejun just because his hair was black. Sejun could have lost his life in an instant.

-What?! You blocked my attack?

Rooooar.

The white dragon statue began to gather more power.

-How dare you, whitey, try to use your power inside the black tower?!

Roar.

The black dragon statue also began to gather power.

Crack.

Crack.

Cracks appeared on the ground and the pillars of the water canal began to collapse, causing water to leak from the canal.

“Sigh…”

What a mess.

“Aileen, I need to call her.”

Sejun decided to ask Aileen for help as it seemed like the farm would be destroyed if he left things as they were. Aileen, the best cheat key to stop one of the two dragons, Kaiser.

At that moment,

[The soul of a dragon that has illegally invaded the Black Tower has been detected.]

[Analysis results show that it has 30% of the White Tower’s Administrator Kellion’s soul.]

[As a Mid-level Administrator, you can expel 30% of the White Tower’s Administrator Kellion’s soul.]

[The expelled 30% of the White Tower’s Administrator Kellion’s soul, will not return to the main body and will be annihilated.]

[Would you like to expel 30% of the White Tower’s Administrator Kellion’s soul?]

Sejun received a cheat key that could stop Kellion.

“Aileen, please stop Kaiser.”

[The Tower’s Administrator says that they will calm down their grandfather.]

He left Kaiser to Aileen and said,

“Mr. Kellion, withdraw your power. If you don’t want to be expelled from the tower and have your soul extinguished.”

Sejun spoke firmly to Kellion.

-What?!

Kellion was furious at Sejun’s audacity in speaking so boldly before the great white dragon.

“How dare you, you lowly creature! Die.”

Bang!

With Kellion’s words, an irresistible power invaded Sejun’s body.

[You have received a life-threatening blow.]

[Dragon Tribe Skill – Dragon Skin is activated.]

[The scale of the Great Black Dragon Kaiser has been destroyed.]

Roarrr.

The black dragon tattoo on Sejun’s left arm roared and disappeared. It was an attack that couldn’t normally be blocked, but Kellion couldn’t exert his full power because he was confronting Kaiser.

“Ah?! Did you just try to kill me?! Prepare for expulsion.”

With Sejun’s words, a black hole appeared beneath the white dragon statue.

-What?! Why?!

Kellion was startled as a hole to expel him appeared. According to Kellion, the administrator of the Black Tower was Aileen. And since Aileen couldn’t leave the tower, there was no entity to expel him.

While Kellion was bewildered.

“President Theo, take out the contract.”

“Meow!”

Following Sejun’s instructions, Theo took out the contract and approached the white dragon with a blank contract, unfolding it.

“Hurry up and stamp it,meow!”

He shouted at the white dragon statue.

‘I’m invincible when I’m near Park Sejun’s knee, meow!”

Even in front of a dragon, Theo, who had received Sejun’s knee buff, was in a state of courage +1000.

“Swear you won’t kill me.”

“President Park don’t forgot to add the value of your life, meow!”

Theo hastily exclaimed.

“Of course I didn’t forget. And as a price for targeting my life, give me 100 million Tower Coins as compensation. Otherwise, you will be expelled from the Black Tower.”

Sejun spoke, showing the tattoo of the Mid-level Administrator with a black dragon drawn on his right hand.

-No way?! Are you a mid-level administrator?!

Kellion asked as if he couldn’t believe it. There was not a single place where the dragons, who were managing the tower, had an mid-level administrator. It was because of the dragons’ arrogant nature.

But Kaiser allowing an mid-level administrator?! And not to some insignificant yet strong monster, but to an insignificant and weak human… it was truly astonishing.

“What will you do?”

The answer to Sejun’s question was already there. Losing 30% of one’s soul also meant losing the same amount of power and memory, and it was a blow to the soul. In severe cases, the main body could be extinguished. There was nothing good about it.

-I understand. Park Sejun, I swear not to kill you. I will also give you 100 million tower coins as compensation.

Along with Kellion’s vow, the content that Kellion spoke started to be written on the contract.

And

Thud.

When the contract was completed, the white dragon’s seal was stamped. Dragons are noble beings. The very weight of the words themselves formed the contract.

“Here, meow!”

Theo ran over with the contract and handed it to Sejun.

“President Theo, well done. Please restrain your power for now.”

-Got it.

As Kellion began to restrain his power,

-Hmph! Whitey bastard! Consider yourself lucky!

Kaiser also restrained his power in response.

And while an awkward atmosphere was flowing,

[You have completed the Purple SeP’s Sweet Potato Soup.]

[Your proficiency in cooking Lv. 4  increases slightly.]

Sejun’s prepared breakfast was ready.

“I was preparing breakfast, why don’t we eat together.”

Sejun invited the two dragons to eat, to break the awkward atmosphere.

-Do you have roasted sweet potatoes?!

Kaiser, remembering the original purpose of coming here, asked.

“No. Instead, I made sweet potato soup.”

-Park Sejun, you rascal! You should’ve prepared roasted sweet potatoes! Hmph! But since you’ve offered, I’ll give it a taste.

Kaiser grumbled unnecessarily and followed Sejun into the kitchen. Fortunately, only the roof of the kitchen had disappeared due to the mana collision, and the inside was intact.

“Here you go.”

Sejun ladled soup from the large pot into a bowl and handed it to Kaiser.

-Humph! Enjoy your meal.

Gulp. Gulp.

The black dragon statue poured the soup into its mouth. The moment the soup passed the black dragon statue’s throat, it would teleport in front of Kaiser.

Sejun also poured a bowl of soup in front of the white dragon statue, then hurriedly scooped some soup into a small pot, and gave the large pot to Cuengi.

Gulp!

Kreong!

As soon as Cuengi received it, he drank about a third of the soup from the large pot and put it down. It’s delicious!

Burp.

“Okay.”

“I’ll eat too, meow!”

Slurp, slurp, slurp.

Sejun ripped open a packet of Churu and gave it to Theo on his lap, and started eating the soup.

‘Is it good?’

Watching the animals eat fervently, Kellion was curious.

Gulp. Gulp.

The white dragon statue swallowed the soup. Since it had the same form as the black dragon statue, the soup swallowed by the white dragon statue was teleported in front of Kellion’s main body.

“Is there more of this?!”

Kellion looked for more soup, but

Zzzzzz.

Inside the kitchen was only Cuengi, who had been keeping an eye on Sejun for several days, hadn’t had a proper rest, and was now asleep, clutching the large pot from which he had been eating the soup. Being the son of a weak father was quite exhausting.

And carefully, the two dragon statues.

“Eh?!”

“You too?!”

The two dragons eyed the soup left by Cuengi.

*****

Chapter 114: A Cheat Key has Appeared
*****

For extra chapters, you can read them on my Patreon at https://www.patreon.com/HangukTranslations.

Join our Discord for announcements or to report any mistakes.

https://discord.gg/Z2Z6TdQk4g