Chapter 125
TL: Hanguk

Kwoooong!

When Cuengi’s cry hadn’t stopped for a long time,

Koeong?

Feeling that something was amiss, Mother Crimson Giant Bear i.e. Pink-fur, quickly rushed over. Something had definitely happened. Normally, Sejun would calm Cuengi down, and Cuengi would soon stop crying.

Koeong!

As Pink-fur arrived where Cuengi’s crying was coming from,

Kwoooong!

Sejun was nowhere to be found, and Cuengi was crying fiercely.

Squeak!

Kkwek!

Rabbits and mushroom ants nearby tried to calm Cuengi down, but they couldn’t approach recklessly because Cuengi was moving violently while crying.

Koeong?

Pink-fur asked Cuengi, while stroking him to stop his crying, what the reason was. Why are you crying?

Kwoo…ong! Kwoeong!

[Dad… has gone alone to the 77th floor of the tower! He might be getting beaten up by bad guys!]

Cradled by Pink-fur, Cuengi answered, crying even more sorrowfully and fiercely.

Koeong?!

Pink-fur was taken aback by Cuengi’s words. The situation was serious.

Then,

-What?! Where did Sejun go?

Kaiser, who had been in a good mood after being treated to a full course of sweet potato dishes, including roasted sweet potatoes, sweet potato soup, and sweet potato baekseolgi (rice cake), as a thank you for defeating the fire ants, asked in astonishment.

Kwoo…Kwoeong!

Cuengi explained to Kaiser how Sejun had disappeared. Since the dragon grandfather was scary, Cuengi held back tears and explained as clearly as possible.

-He disappeared when he opened the land deed? That idiot just opened it?!

Kaiser shouted angrily at Cuengi’s explanation.

Kreong…

[It might have opened by itself when Dad caught it…]

Cuengi spoke in an uncertain voice, defending his dad.

But it was absurd. The land deed item, without an owner, was locked to prevent accidental activation at any time, as it would recognize the first person who opened it as its owner.

Unless forcibly opened, the land deed would not open. Sejun had carelessly opened the land deed without even reading the instructions.

-Ahem… then what about my sweet potato soup from now on…?

Kellion, who had liked the sweet potato soup, spoke in a sullen voice.

-Is the soup the problem right now?!

Kaiser yelled at Kellion for worrying about the soup. He was utterly tactless. The problem was not the soup, but the roasted sweet pota… no, Aileen. It was Aileen that was the problem.

-Grandfather! Find Sejun quickly!

As expected, Aileen immediately pressed Kaiser upon hearing that Sejun had disappeared.

-Aileen, wait a moment. Since he disappeared all of a sudden… Everyone, gather around me!

Kaiser quickly called all the monsters from the farm to rescue Sejun, who had been transported to the 77th floor of the tower.

Due to the sudden disappearance of Sejun, the 99th floor of the tower was in a complete state of emergency.

***

[You have arrived at the 77th floor farm.]

“Is this the farm?”

Around him, there were nothing but hundreds of withered, dying trees.

“There are no monsters, right?”

This was the first time Sejun had come to another floor without any animals. Suddenly finding himself alone in a remote place, he looked around with anxious eyes. Fortunately, he didn’t see any monsters in sight.

Then,

Thump.

Something touched Sejun’s back.

“Eeek!!”

Startled, Sejun ran without looking back and hid behind a nearby withered tree nearby.

And then,

‘What was that?’

While searching for the entity that had touched his back,

(Sejun, where are we?)

A voice came from Sejun’s back.

“Golden Bat?”

(Yes! It’s me!)

Flap. Flap.

The Golden Bat flew from Sejun’s back to the front.

The golden bat, which had been hanging onto Sejun’s back, was recognized by the land deed and moved along with Sejun’s body, thanks to its small size. They were lucky.

“Oh! It’s really fortunate! This is the 77th floor of the tower. It seems like only we were transported.”

Sejun sighed in relief, looking at the Golden Bat. He was not alone.

(Pip-pip! Since the brothers are not here, I will protect you, Sejun!)

The Golden Bat flew around Sejun with a loud cry.

Thanks to this, Sejun relaxed a bit and looked at the land deed in his hand. Since the land deed had transported him here, he thought that the way back would be on it too.

[77th Floor Farm Land Deed]

→ This land deed proves ownership of the farm on the 77th floor of the tower.

→ You can be recognized as the owner of the land deed by going through the engraving process.

→ It has been over 100 years since the last information update on the land deed.

→ Owner: None

→ Grade: A

“What?! How do I get back?”

He couldn’t find a way back, and there was no explanation about the engraving process either.

“What am I supposed to do?!”

As Sejun frowned at the unhelpful information,

[The 77th Floor Farm Land Deed updates the farm’s information.]

“Update?”

A new message appeared.

Then,

Ook! Ook!

There were 100 monkeys surrounding and approaching Sejun, with crude wooden spears and shields. The monkeys encircled and advanced on Sejun.

“Hmph. I can handle this much. Bring it on…”

Gaining confidence from the monkeys’ poor weaponry, Sejun started to create a thundercloud, ready to fight the monkeys.

Ook!

Suddenly, the monkeys that had climbed up the trees threw a net at Sejun.

(Sejun! Dodge it!)

The golden bat tried to pull Sejun away to dodge the net, but Sejun was too heavy for it.

As a result, they both got caught in the net. If the golden bat had escaped alone, it would have easily avoided it, but it was caught because it was looking out for Sejun.

And then,

Ook!

In an instant, Sejun and the golden bat, surrounded by the monkeys, were tied to a long wooden stick like a rotisserie chicken and began to be transported somewhere by the monkeys.

Then,

[The monkeys are currently illegally occupying the farm.]

[A quest has been generated.]

[Quest: Defeat the monkeys illegally occupying the farm or negotiate and reclaim the land rights.]

Reward: Recognition as the legitimate owner of the land deed.

A belated quest.

“You could have told me sooner.”

Sejun read the message, hanging upside down on the stick, and sighed.

(Sejun! Don’t worry! I can go to Earth soon!)

“Really?”

Thinking about it, it had been almost a week since the golden bat had been to Earth. If it went to Earth, the rope tying the bat would naturally loosen.

And then the golden bat, returning to the tower, would untie Sejun’s ropes, and they could escape. Although they had been caught off guard by the net before, now he planned to show them what he could do.

“Alright. Be careful.”

(Then I’ll be back soon.)

The golden bat disappeared.

Ook? Ook!

The monkey holding the stick, suddenly noticing the golden bat’s disappearance, quickly reported to a higher-ranking monkey.

However,

Ook. Ook.

[It’s fine. We just need this one.]

The higher-ranking monkey said, checking the rope that tied Sejun’s arm.

Ook?

[But will the gorillas accept him?]

A subordinate monkey asked, checking the rope that tied Sejun’s legs.

Ook. Ook.

[They’ll accept him. He looks somewhat like us.]

“Looks like you? Where?!”

Sejun was infuriated by the higher-ranking monkey’s words.

Ook. Ook.

[It would be good if this one lasts long. More than 100 males have died after marrying the gorilla tribe chief’s daughter.]

‘What?!! I’m being taken to marry a gorilla?! Golden Bat, come back and save me quickly!’

Marrying a gorilla? That was not happening. Sejun desperately wished for the golden bat to return quickly.

Ook! Ook!

[We don’t have time! Move quickly!]

The higher-ranking monkey quickly moved, urging the other monkeys to move quickly.

***

“What, meow?!”

Theo, having arrived on the 38th floor of the tower, sensed something strange.

“Suddenly, Park Sejun’s knee has gotten closer, meow!”

It felt good as Sejun’s knee got closer, but the knee detector sent a signal that Sejun’s knee was in danger.

‘Something must have happened to President Park, meow!’

“I must finish the deal and go back quickly, meow!”

Theo hurriedly ran towards the camp.

And then,

“Humans, I’m here, meow! Gather quickly, meow!”

Theo hurriedly called the humans together.

However,

“Theo, please wait a moment. Everyone’s hunting on the 40th floor.”

The camp was completely empty. As the detoxifying green onions were released, most of the hunters who had conquered the boss of the 38th floor of the tower were now attacking the 40th floor.

“Then I’ll go to the 40th floor, meow!”

Feeling impatient, Theo decided to head to the 40th floor himself.

And a moment later,

“Humans, I have arrived, meow!”

Theo, who had gathered the hunters, began the auction on the 40th floor.

“The first item for sale is the power sweet potato, meow! I’ll sell a total of 10,000 pieces, 1,000 at a time, meow!”

Wanting to end the auction quickly, Theo doubled the quantity of sweet potatoes he was selling at once.

“200,000 tower coins for 1,000!”

“250,000 tower coins for 1,000!”

“280,000 tower coins for 1,000!”

Bids quickly rose, starting at 200 tower coins each.

“SOLD, meow!”

10,000 power sweet potatoes were sold at an average of 290 tower coins each.

“The next item is 10,000 detoxifying green onions, meow!”

Theo hastily began the auction for the next crop. There were many crops to sell.

“80,000 tower coins for 1,000!”

“100,000 tower coins for 1,000!”

Although the price of detoxifying green onions had skyrocketed in the last auction due to scarcity, this time the supply was abundant, so the winning bid was lower.

“SOLD, meow!”

Thanks to this, the average winning bid per unit fell by about 30% compared to the last auction, selling at 105 tower coins each. But it didn’t matter. Today was the launch of a new crop.

“Today’s final product is the power potato, meow!”

Theo showed the potatoes to the hunters.

“Oh! This increases stomach activity!”

“So it cures stomach cancer!”

“What?! A cure for stomach cancer?!”

The hunters were excited at the emergence of the new cancer treatment crop. Especially the hunters with family members suffering from stomach cancer hurried to borrow money from those around them.

“Then let’s begin, meow!”

“130,000 tower coins for 1,000!”

The starting price was higher than that of detoxifying green onions. Even though they were both for cancer, stomach and liver cancers were different. Liver cancer had a higher mortality rate, but there were far more patients with stomach cancer.

The power potato was more desired by cancer patients, therefore it was sold at a higher price than the detoxifying green onions.

“180,000 tower coins for 1,000!”

Plus, it was the first time a crop treating stomach cancer had been available, so it carried a premium.

“SOLD OUT, meow!”

So the power potatoes were sold at an average of 197 tower coins each. Total sales of 4.92 million tower coins. Another great achievement doubling the previous total sales, but Theo couldn’t be happy.

His knee radar alerted him to Sejun’s crisis.

“Theo, let’s take a picture.”

As the trade ended, the hunters approached Theo to take a photo.

However,

“There’s no photo time today, meow!”

Theo hurriedly turned away from the churu in the hunters’ hands and refused.

And then,

“See you next time, meow!”

Theo quickly left for the place where he felt Sejun’s knee.

***

Koeong? (Did you pack snacks?)

Pink-fur checked Cuengi’s luggage for the last time.

Kreong! (I packed them!)

Tap. Tap.

Cuengi answered by patting the snack bag filled with honey.

Koeong? (What about meals?)

Kreong! (Sister Flamie grilled a big fish for me!)

Cuengi showed the huge bag on his back. When Pink-fur opened the bag, it revealed a gigantic tuna, cut into three parts.

Koeong. (Eat sparingly and take care.)

Kreong! (I will definitely find Dad!)

Lick.

Pink-fur licked Cuengi’s body in farewell. Because Cuengi had insisted so strongly on finding his dad that he had been included in Sejun’s rescue team made up of Black Minotaurs.

As Pink-fur was bidding farewell to Cuengi,

-Are you ready?

Kreong!

[I’m ready!]

Cuengi answered Kaiser’s question.

-You can use this to know the direction where Sejun is.

Kaiser gave Cuengi a compass that could detect the insignia of the Mid-level Administrator that Sejun had.

Kreong!

[Then I’ll be off!]

Cuengi, carrying a bag much larger than himself, bid farewell with a determined expression and joined the black minotaurs.

Emoo!

As 500 black minotaurs roared to announce their departure,

Kreong!

[I will punish all the bad guys who are are bullying Daddy!]

Cuengi also roared, beginning his long journey to find his dad.

*****

Chapter 125: Setting Out to Find Dad
*****

For extra chapters, you can read them on my Patreon at https://www.patreon.com/HangukTranslations.

Join our Discord for announcements or to report any mistakes.

https://discord.gg/Z2Z6TdQk4g